>>> compass-adapters/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cobbler/snippets/kickstart_chef_firstrun.sh
cobbler/snippets/kickstart_chef_rerun.sh
cobbler/snippets/preseed_chef_firstrun.sh
cobbler/snippets/preseed_chef_rerun.sh
cobbler/triggers/sync/post/migrate_ks.sh
>>> compass-adapters/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cobbler/triggers/sync/post/migrate_ks.py
>>> compass-core/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/cobbler/migrate_ks.py
>>> fuel-web/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_agent_ci/fuel_agent_ci/cmd/__init__.py
fuel_agent_ci/fuel_agent_ci/drivers/__init__.py
fuel_agent_ci/fuel_agent_ci/__init__.py
fuel_agent_ci/fuel_agent_ci/objects/__init__.py
>>> config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
install_jenkins_slave.sh
>>> config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
install_modules.sh
>>> config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
install_puppet.sh
>>> config/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
launch/dns.py
launch/launch-node.py
launch/sshclient.py
launch/utils.py
>>> packstack/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
engine-setup.py
>>> packstack/build.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
installer/run_setup.py
packstack/installer/run_setup.py
run_setup.py
>>> gerrit/other.txt: 65 bladfafhafadfa.txt
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/bookmarklets.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/index.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/missing_docutils.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/model_detail.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/model_index.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/template_detail.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/template_filter_index.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/template_tag_index.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/view_detail.html
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/templates/admin_doc/view_index.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/404.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/500.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/app_index.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/auth/user/add_form.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/auth/user/change_password.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/base.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/base_site.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/change_form.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/change_list.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/change_list_results.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/date_hierarchy.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/delete_confirmation.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/edit_inline/stacked.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/edit_inline/tabular.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/filter.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/includes/fieldset.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/index.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/invalid_setup.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/login.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/object_history.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/pagination.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/prepopulated_fields_js.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/search_form.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/submit_line.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/admin/template_validator.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/logged_out.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/password_change_done.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/password_change_form.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/password_reset_complete.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/password_reset_confirm.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/password_reset_done.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/password_reset_email.html
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templates/registration/password_reset_form.html
webapp/django/contrib/auth/tests/templates/registration/login.html
webapp/django/contrib/comments/templates/comments/form.html
webapp/django/contrib/comments/templates/comments/freeform.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/base.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/base_site.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/calendar_day.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/calendar_homepage.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/calendar_main.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/calendar_month.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/calendar_year.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/choice_detail.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/choice_list.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/fieldchoice_detail.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/fieldchoice_homepage.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/fieldchoice_list.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/homepage.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/model_detail.html
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/templates/databrowse/object_detail.html
webapp/django/contrib/formtools/templates/formtools/form.html
webapp/django/contrib/formtools/templates/formtools/preview.html
webapp/django/contrib/gis/templates/gis/admin/openlayers.html
webapp/django/contrib/gis/templates/gis/admin/osm.html
>>> gerrit/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerrit-gwtui/src/main/java/com/google/gerrit/client/admin/admin.css
gerrit-gwtui/src/main/java/com/google/gerrit/client/auth/openid/openid.css
gerrit-gwtui/src/main/java/com/google/gerrit/client/auth/userpass/userpass.css
gerrit-gwtui/src/main/java/com/google/gerrit/client/gerrit2.css
gerrit-gwtui/src/main/java/com/google/gerrit/client/gerrit.css
gerrit-gwtui/src/main/java/com/google/gerrit/client/gwt_override.css
gerrit-gwtui/src/main/java/com/google/gerrit/public/gerrit.css
>>> python-libraclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/common/setup.py
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/build.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/setup.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/setup.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/ez_setup.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/setup.py
>>> blazar/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
climate/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> sahara-dashboard/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
savannadashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> nova/build.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/openstack/common/setup.py
nova/volume/encryptors/cryptsetup.py
vendor/boto/setup.py
vendor/lockfile/setup.py
vendor/pymox/setup.py
vendor/python-daemon/setup.py
vendor/python-gflags/setup.py
vendor/redis-py/setup.py
vendor/tornado/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/cfsupport/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/topfiles/setup.py
>>> python-designateclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monikerclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> congress/build.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python3/ez_setup.py
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python3/setup.py
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python/ez_setup.py
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python/setup.py
thirdparty/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python3/ez_setup.py
thirdparty/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python3/setup.py
thirdparty/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python/ez_setup.py
thirdparty/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python/setup.py
>>> horizon/build.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
django-nova/setup.py
django-nova-syspanel/setup.py
django-openstack/setup.py
horizon/openstack/common/setup.py
horizon/setup.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
openstack-dashboard/setup.py
>>> python-glanceclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glanceclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> statusbot/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
statusbot/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> python-melangeclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
melange/client/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> neutron/build.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
client/setup.py
common/setup.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/setup.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/setup.py
plugins/sample-plugin/setup.py
quantum/openstack/common/setup.py
quantum/setup.py
server/setup.py
>>> python-ceilometerclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometerclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> python-openstackclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstackclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> zaqar/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
marconi/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> heat/build.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/docker/setup.py
contrib/extraroute/setup.py
contrib/heat_keystoneclient_v2/setup.py
contrib/heat_marconi/setup.py
contrib/marconi/setup.py
contrib/nova_flavor/setup.py
contrib/rackspace/setup.py
heat/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> python-keystoneclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystoneclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> rubick/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
joker/setup.py
>>> python-muranoclient/build.txt: 19 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
muranoclient/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> python-ganttclient/build.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/boto/setup.py
vendor/lockfile/setup.py
vendor/pymox/setup.py
vendor/python-daemon/setup.py
vendor/python-gflags/setup.py
vendor/redis-py/setup.py
vendor/tornado/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/cfsupport/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/topfiles/setup.py
>>> tempest/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tempest/common/setup.py
tempest/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> python-manilaclient/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinderclient/openstack/common/setup.py
manilaclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> monasca-agent/build.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ez_setup.py
jahmon/ez_setup.py
jahmon/pup/setup.py
jahmon/setup.py
monagent/ez_setup.py
monagent/pup/setup.py
monagent/setup.py
pup/setup.py
>>> opencafe/build.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
plugins/elasticsearch/setup.py
plugins/http/setup.py
plugins/mongo/setup.py
plugins/rsyslog/setup.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/setup.py
plugins/ssh/setup.py
plugins/winrm/setup.py
>>> wsme/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
examples/demo/setup.py
>>> gantt/build.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/openstack/common/setup.py
vendor/boto/setup.py
vendor/lockfile/setup.py
vendor/pymox/setup.py
vendor/python-daemon/setup.py
vendor/python-gflags/setup.py
vendor/redis-py/setup.py
vendor/tornado/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/cfsupport/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/topfiles/setup.py
>>> python-swiftclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swiftclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> specs-cookiecutter/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/setup.py
>>> melange/build.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
melange/openstack/common/setup.py
vendor/boto/setup.py
vendor/lockfile/setup.py
vendor/pymox/setup.py
vendor/python-daemon/setup.py
vendor/python-gflags/setup.py
vendor/redis-py/setup.py
vendor/tornado/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/cfsupport/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/topfiles/setup.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/topfiles/setup.py
>>> jeepyb/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritx/openstack/common/setup.py
jeepyb/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> oslo-incubator/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/common/setup.py
pypi/setup.py
>>> sahara/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
eho/openstack/common/setup.py
savanna/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> murano-docs/build.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> murano-deployment/build.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> tuskar/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/openstack/common/setup.py
tuskar/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> python-novaclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novaclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> murano/build.txt: 19 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
muranoapi/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> cliff/build.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
demoapp/distribute_setup.py
demoapp/setup.py
distribute_setup.py
>>> tuskar-ui/build.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
django-nova/setup.py
django-nova-syspanel/setup.py
django-openstack/setup.py
horizon/openstack/common/setup.py
horizon/setup.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
openstack-dashboard/setup.py
>>> python-cinderclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinderclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> kwapi/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kwapi/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> murano-conductor/build.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> python-barbicanclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
barbicanclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> staccato/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova_plugin/setup.py
staccato/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> ceilometer/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometer/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> murano-agent/build.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-agent/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> sphinxcontrib-docbookrestapi/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sphinxcontrib/docbookrestapi/setup.py
sphinxcontrib/setup.py
>>> devstack-gate/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devstackgate/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> heat-cfntools/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> gerritbot/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritbot/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> cookiecutter/build.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/setup.py
package/setup.py
{{project.repo_name}}/setup.py
repo_name/setup.py
>>> python-neutronclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
quantumclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> ironic/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> pypi-mirror/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritx/openstack/common/setup.py
jeepyb/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> glance/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glance/common/setup.py
glance/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> keystone/build.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
echo/setup.py
examples/echo/setup.py
keystone/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> trove/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reddwarf/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> oslo.config/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magic/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> fuel-main/build.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devops/setup.py
nailgun/setup.py
packages/rpm/dhcp-checker/setup.py
shotgun/setup.py
>>> libra/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
libra/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> stevedore/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
distribute_setup.py
stevedore/example/setup.py
>>> gerritlib/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritlib/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> murano-dashboard/build.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
muranodashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> zuul/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
zuul/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> oslo-cookiecutter/build.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/setup.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/setup.py
package/setup.py
{{project.repo_name}}/setup.py
repo_name/setup.py
>>> python-heatclient/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heatclient/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> billingstack/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billingstack/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> bufunfa/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billistix/openstack/common/setup.py
bufunfa/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> fuel-web/build.txt: 14 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devops/setup.py
dhcp-checker/setup.py
fuel_agent_ci/setup.py
fuel_agent/setup.py
fuelclient/setup.py
fuelmenu/fuelmenu/modules/ntpsetup.py
fuelmenu/setup.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_update_downloader/setup.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_upgrade/setup.py
nailgun/setup.py
network_checker/setup.py
packages/rpm/dhcp-checker/setup.py
packages/rpm/fuelmenu/setup.py
shotgun/setup.py
>>> mistral/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
mistral-demo-app/setup.py
>>> swiftsync/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swsync/openstack/common/setup.py
sync/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> designate/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/designate-ext-samplehandler/setup.py
moniker/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> murano-tests/build.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/setup.py
api/setup.py
boffin/setup.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/setup.py
conductor/setup.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/setup.py
dashboard/setup.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/setup.py
portas/setup.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-glazierclient/setup.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/setup.py
python-portasclient/setup.py
selenium-old/setup.py
selenium/setup.py
tabula/setup.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/setup.py
windc/setup.py
>>> compass-core/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ez_setup.py
>>> jenkins-job-builder/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jenkins_jobs/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> cinder/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> healthnmon/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
healthnmon/openstack/common/setup.py
>>> fuel-ostf-plugin/build.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ostf_client/setup.py
>>> congress/other.txt: 52 bladfafhafadfa.txt
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/ANTLRFileStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/ANTLRStringStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/BaseRecognizer.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/BitSet.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/CharStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/CharStreamConstants.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/CharStreamState.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/CommonToken.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/CommonTokenStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/DFA.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/EarlyExitException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/FailedPredicateException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/IntStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/Lexer.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/MismatchedNotSetException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/MismatchedRangeException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/MismatchedSetException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/MismatchedTokenException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/MismatchedTreeNodeException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/MissingTokenException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/NoViableAltException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/Parser.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/ParserRuleReturnScope.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/RecognitionException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/RecognizerSharedState.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/RuleReturnScope.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/Token.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/TokenConstants.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/TokenRewriteStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/TokenSource.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/TokenStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/BaseTreeAdaptor.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/BaseTree.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/CommonErrorNode.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/CommonTreeAdaptor.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/CommonTree.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/CommonTreeNodeStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/RewriteCardinalityException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/RewriteEarlyExitException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/RewriteEmptyStreamException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/RewriteRuleElementStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/RewriteRuleNodeStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/RewriteRuleSubtreeStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/RewriteRuleTokenStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/TreeAdaptor.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/Tree.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/TreeConstants.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/TreeNodeStream.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/TreeParser.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/tree/TreeRuleReturnScope.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/UnwantedTokenException.as
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/ActionScript/project/src/org/antlr/runtime/version.as
>>> horizon/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> python-muranoclient/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> murano-docs/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> murano-deployment/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> murano/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> tuskar-ui/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> murano-conductor/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> murano-agent/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> murano-dashboard/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> murano-tests/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/templates/dash_name/base.html
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/templates/panel_name/index.html
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
libs/setuptools-2.2/docs/_templates/indexsidebar.html
>>> blazar/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/_templates/sidebarlinks.html
>>> sahara-dashboard/other.txt: 160 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/clusters.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/_configure_general_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/configure.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/_create_cluster.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/create_cluster.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/_create_general_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/create.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/_instances_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/_nodegroups_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/clusters/scale.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/cluster_node_groups_template.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/cluster_templates.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_configure_general_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/configure.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_create_general_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/create.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_nodegroups_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_nodegroups_list.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_upload_file.html
saharadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/upload_file.html
saharadashboard/templates/data_sources/_create_data_source_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/data_sources/create.html
saharadashboard/templates/data_sources/data_sources_form_script.html
saharadashboard/templates/data_sources/data_sources.html
saharadashboard/templates/data_sources/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/data_sources/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/_edit_tags.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/edit_tags.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/image_registry.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/_list_tags.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/_register_image.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/register_image.html
saharadashboard/templates/image_registry/_tag_form.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_binaries/_create.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_binaries/create.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_binaries/_create_job_binary_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_binaries/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_binaries/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_binaries/job_binaries_form_script.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_binaries/job_binaries.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_executions/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_executions/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/job_executions/job_executions.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/config_template.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/create.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/_create_job_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/_create_job_libs_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/jobs.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/launch.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/_launch_job_configure_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/_launch_job_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/jobs/library_template.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_configure_general_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/configure.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_create_general_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/create.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_fields_help.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/nodegroup_templates.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_processes_list.html
saharadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_service_confs.html
saharadashboard/templates/plugins/_details.html
saharadashboard/templates/plugins/details.html
saharadashboard/templates/plugins/plugins.html
saharadashboard/templates/plugins/_versions_list.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/clusters.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/_configure_general_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/configure.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/_create_cluster.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/create_cluster.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/_create_general_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/_instances_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/_nodegroups_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/clusters/scale.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/cluster_node_groups_template.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/cluster_templates.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_configure_general_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/configure.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_create_general_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_nodegroups_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_nodegroups_list.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/_upload_file.html
savannadashboard/templates/cluster_templates/upload_file.html
savannadashboard/templates/data_sources/_create_data_source_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/data_sources/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/data_sources/data_sources_form_script.html
savannadashboard/templates/data_sources/data_sources.html
savannadashboard/templates/data_sources/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/data_sources/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/_edit_tags.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/edit_tags.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/image_registry.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/_list_tags.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/_register_image.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/register_image.html
savannadashboard/templates/image_registry/_tag_form.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_binaries/_create.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_binaries/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_binaries/_create_job_binary_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_binaries/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_binaries/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_binaries/job_binaries_form_script.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_binaries/job_binaries.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_executions/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_executions/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_executions/job_executions.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_origins/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_origins/_create_job_origin_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_origins/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_origins/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_origins/job_origins.html
savannadashboard/templates/job_origins/library_template.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/config_template.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/_create_job_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/_create_job_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/_create_job_libs_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/jobs.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/jobs.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/launch.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/launch.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/_launch_job_configure_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/_launch_job_configure_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs_/_launch_job_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/_launch_job_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/jobs/library_template.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_configure_general_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/configure.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_create_general_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/create.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_fields_help.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/nodegroup_templates.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_processes_list.html
savannadashboard/templates/nodegroup_templates/_service_confs.html
savannadashboard/templates/plugins/_details.html
savannadashboard/templates/plugins/details.html
savannadashboard/templates/plugins/plugins.html
savannadashboard/templates/plugins/_versions_list.html
>>> mistral-dashboard/other.txt: 10 bladfafhafadfa.txt
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/executions/templates/executions/index.html
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/executions/templates/executions/_label.html
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/templates/workbooks/_execute.html
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/templates/workbooks/execute.html
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/templates/workbooks/index.html
mistraldashboard/executions/templates/executions/index.html
mistraldashboard/executions/templates/executions/_label.html
mistraldashboard/workbooks/templates/workbooks/_execute.html
mistraldashboard/workbooks/templates/workbooks/execute.html
mistraldashboard/workbooks/templates/workbooks/index.html
>>> nova/other.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/_templates/layout.html
vendor/boto/docs/source/_templates/layout.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/index.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/message.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/modules/post.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/stream.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/documentation.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/index.html
>>> stackalytics/other.txt: 55 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/templates/base.html
dashboard/templates/blueprint_report.html
dashboard/templates/commits.html
dashboard/templates/commits_overview.html
dashboard/templates/companies.html
dashboard/templates/company_details.html
dashboard/templates/engineer_details.html
dashboard/templates/engineers.html
dashboard/templates/kpi/base_kpi.html
dashboard/templates/kpi/example.html
dashboard/templates/kpi/kpi.html
dashboard/templates/layout.html
dashboard/templates/_macros/activity_log.html
dashboard/templates/_macros/contribution_summary.html
dashboard/templates/_macros/user_profile.html
dashboard/templates/module_details.html
dashboard/templates/overview.html
dashboard/templates/reports/activity.html
dashboard/templates/reports/base_report.html
dashboard/templates/reports/blueprint_summary.html
dashboard/templates/reports/company_activity.html
dashboard/templates/reports/contribution.html
dashboard/templates/reports/driverlog.html
dashboard/templates/reports/members.html
dashboard/templates/reports/open_reviews.html
dashboard/templates/reports/registrants.html
dashboard/templates/reports/reviews.html
dashboard/templates/reports/user_activity.html
dashboard/templates/unmapped.html
dashboard/templates/widget.html
doc/source/_templates/sidebarlinks.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/404.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/base.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/kpi/base_kpi.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/kpi/example.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/kpi/script.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/layout.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/_macros/activity_log.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/_macros/contribution_summary.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/_macros/module_details.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/_macros/user_profile.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/overview.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/activity.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/base_report.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/blueprint_summary.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/company_activity.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/contribution.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/cores.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/driverlog.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/external_ci.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/members.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/open_reviews.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/reports/user_activity.html
stackalytics/dashboard/templates/widget.html
>>> horizon/other.txt: 1841 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/templates/admin/index.html
dashboard/templates/base.html
dashboard/templates/base-root.html
dashboard/templates/base-sidebar.html
dashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/templates/permission_denied.html
dashboard/templates/registration/activate.html
dashboard/templates/registration/login.html
dashboard/templates/registration/logout.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_done.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_form.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_complete.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_confirm.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_done.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_email.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_form.html
dashboard/templates/registration/registration_complete.html
dashboard/templates/registration/registration_form.html
dashboard/templates/unavailable.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/base_projects.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/change_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/edit_project.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/global_edit_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/send_credentials.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/user_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/credentials/expired.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/detail_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/edit.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/_launch_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/launch.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/detail_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/edit.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/_instances_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/performance.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/_messages.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/projects/edit_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/projects/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/projects/manage.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/detail.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/_create_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/cloudview/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/instances/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/security/disable_project_credentials.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/security/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/volumes/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/vpns/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_login.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_switch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/instances/_reboot.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/instances/_terminate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/_page_header.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/_sidebar_module.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_container_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_container_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/dash_containers_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/dash_containers.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_delete_container.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/dash_base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/dashboard_settings.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_dash_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_allocate_floating_ip.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_allocate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/dash_floating_ips_associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/dash_floating_ips.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_disassociate_floating_ip.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_disassociate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_floating_ip_associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_floating_ips_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_release_floating_ip.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_release.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/dash_images.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/dash_launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_image_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/dash_instances.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/dash_instance_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/dash_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_instance_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_instance_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/dash_keypairs_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/dash_keypairs.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_delete_keypair.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/import.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_keypair_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_keypair_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_network_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_network_rename.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_networks_detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_networks.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_delete_network.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_delete_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_detach_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_network_detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_network_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_network_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_rename_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_rename.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/rename.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_rename_network.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_toggle_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_copy.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/copy.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_copy_object.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/dash_object_copy.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/dash_objects.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/dash_objects_upload.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_delete_object.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_filter.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_object_filter.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_object_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_object_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_paging.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/upload.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_attach_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_create_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/dash_port_attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/dash_ports_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/dash_security_groups_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/dash_security_groups_edit_rules.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/dash_security_groups.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete_rule.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete_security_group.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete_security_group_rule.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/edit_rules.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_security_group_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_security_group_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/settings.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/dash_snapshots_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/dash_snapshots.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/_snapshot_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_upload.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_detach_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/_messages.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_delete_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_flavor_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/syspanel_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_syspanel_flavor_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/syspanel_flavors.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_delete_image.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_image_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_syspanel_image_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/syspanel_images.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/syspanel_image_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_toggle.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_toggle_image.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/_syspanel_instance_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/syspanel_instances.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/syspanel_tenant_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/syspanel_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/tenant_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/quotas/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/quotas/syspanel_quotas.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_service_toggle_enabled.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_syspanel_service_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/syspanel_services.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_toggle.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/syspanel_base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_syspanel_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_add_tenant_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_add_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_create_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_create_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_quotas_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/quotas.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_remove_tenant_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_remove_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_syspanel_tenant_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_quotas.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenants.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_users.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_tenant_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_update_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_update_quotas_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_update_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/users.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_update_quotas_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_update_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_update_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_create_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_create_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_enable_disable.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/syspanel_user_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/syspanel_users.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/syspanel_user_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_toggle_enabled.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_update_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_update_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_enable_disable.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_toggle_enabled.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/base_projects.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/change_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/edit_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/global_edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/send_credentials.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/user_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/add_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/add_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/base_projects.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/change_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/delete_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/delete_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/edit_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/global_edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/project_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/send_credentials.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/user_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/add_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/add_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/base_projects.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/change_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/delete_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/delete_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/edit_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/global_edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/project_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/send_credentials.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/user_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/credentials/expired.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/detail_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/_instances_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/performance.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/_messages.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/projects/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/projects/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/projects/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/detail.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/cloudview/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/vpns/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_login.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_switch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/credentials/expired.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_upload.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/detail_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/_instances_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/performance.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/_messages.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/credentials/expired.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/detail_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/_instances_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/performance.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/projects/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/projects/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/projects/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/detail.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/tenants/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/tenants/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/tenants/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/projects/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/projects/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/projects/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/detail.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/tenants/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/tenants/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/tenants/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/quotas/templates/quotas/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/services/templates/services/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_associate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/base.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_rename.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/rename.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/_warning.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/download_form.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/index.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/_openrc.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/base.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/download_form.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/index.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/_openrc.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/_language.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_language.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/templates/images/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/templates/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/templates/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/users.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/quotas/templates/quotas/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/services/templates/services/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/base.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/users.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/quotas/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_disassociate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_release.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_delete_rule.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/base.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_disassociate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_release.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_launch_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_no_instances.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_pause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_resume.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_suspend.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_unpause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_detach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_no_instances.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_delete_port.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_detach_port.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_rename_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_rename.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/rename.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_toggle_port.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_copy.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/copy.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_filter.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_paging.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_upload.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/upload.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/overview/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/_attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_delete_rule.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_detach_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_detach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/base.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/download_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/_openrc.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/tenant/_openrc.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/tenant/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/_language.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/base.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_toggle.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_pause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_resume.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_suspend.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/tenant_usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_unpause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/overview/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/users.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/quotas/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/_stats.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/_toggle.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/base_usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_create_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/global_usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_quotas_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_remove_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update_quotas_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update_quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/users.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_create_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_enable_disable.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_toggle_enabled.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_update_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/update.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_login.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/auth/login.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_switch.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/404.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/base.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/splash.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/switch_tenants.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/_tab.html
horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
horizon/templates/auth/login.html
horizon/templates/base.html
horizon/templates/_header.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_accordion_nav.html
horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_login.html
horizon/templates/horizon/auth/login.html
horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_switch.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/conf.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_membership.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_bootstrap_form_field.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_cell.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_action.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_domain_page_header.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_formset_table.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_formset_table_row.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_limit_summary.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form_add_members.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_base.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_custom_head_js.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_custom_meta.html
horizon/templates/horizon/jasmine/index.html
horizon/templates/horizon/jasmine/jasmine.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
horizon/templates/splash.html
horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
horizon/tests/templates/404.html
horizon/tests/templates/base.html
horizon/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
horizon/tests/templates/splash.html
horizon/tests/templates/switch_tenants.html
horizon/tests/templates/tab_group.html
horizon/tests/templates/_tab.html
horizon/tests/templates/workflow.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/templates/kittens/index.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/templates/cats/base.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/templates/tigers/index.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/templates/puppies/index.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/templates/dogs/base.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/_aggregate_hosts.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/_aggregate_metadata.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/_manage_hosts.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/manage_hosts.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/defaults/templates/defaults/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/domains/templates/domains/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/_add_non_member.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/add_non_member.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/manage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/hypervisors/templates/hypervisors/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/hypervisors/templates/hypervisors/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/properties/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/properties/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/properties/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/properties/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/properties/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/_cell_status.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/_live_migrate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/live_migrate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/metering/templates/metering/daily.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/metering/templates/metering/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/metering/templates/metering/report.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/metering/templates/metering/stats.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/agents/_add.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/agents/add.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/quotas/templates/quotas/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/services/templates/services/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/extras/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/extras/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/extras/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/extras/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/extras/_index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/extras/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/snapshots/_update_status.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/snapshots/update_status.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/create_volume_type.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/extras/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/extras/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/extras/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/extras/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/extras/_index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/extras/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_update_status.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/update_status.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/volumes_tables.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/domains/templates/domains/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/_add_non_member.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/add_non_member.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/manage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/templates/groups/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/projects/templates/projects/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/roles/templates/roles/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/roles/templates/roles/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/roles/templates/roles/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/roles/templates/roles/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/roles/templates/roles/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/users/templates/users/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/users/templates/users/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/users/templates/users/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/users/templates/users/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/users/templates/users/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_container_detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/container_detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_container_metadata.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create_pseudo_folder.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create_pseudo_folder.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_object_detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/object_detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/database_backups/templates/database_backups/_backup_details_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/database_backups/templates/database_backups/backup.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/database_backups/templates/database_backups/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/database_backups/templates/database_backups/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_detail_overview_cassandra.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_detail_overview_couchbase.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_detail_overview_mongodb.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_detail_overview_mysql.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_detail_overview_redis.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_detail_users.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_launch_details_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/launch.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_launch_initialize_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_launch_network_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_launch_networks.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_launch_restore_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/_resize_volume.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/resize_volume.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/templates/databases/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/clusters.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/_configure_general_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/configure.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/_create_cluster.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/create_cluster.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/_create_general_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/_instances_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/_nodegroups_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/templates/data_processing.clusters/scale.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/cluster_node_groups_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/cluster_templates.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/_configure_general_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/configure.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/_create_general_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/_nodegroups_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/_nodegroups_list.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/_upload_file.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/cluster_templates/templates/data_processing.cluster_templates/upload_file.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/_edit_tags.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/edit_tags.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/image_registry.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/_list_tags.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/_register_image.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/register_image.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/templates/data_processing.data_image_registry/_tag_form.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_plugins/templates/data_processing.data_plugins/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_plugins/templates/data_processing.data_plugins/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_plugins/templates/data_processing.data_plugins/plugins.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_plugins/templates/data_processing.data_plugins/_versions_list.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/templates/data_processing.data_sources/_create_data_source_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/templates/data_processing.data_sources/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/templates/data_processing.data_sources/data_sources_form_script.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/templates/data_processing.data_sources/data_sources.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/templates/data_processing.data_sources/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/templates/data_processing.data_sources/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/templates/data_processing.job_binaries/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/templates/data_processing.job_binaries/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/templates/data_processing.job_binaries/_create_job_binary_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/templates/data_processing.job_binaries/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/templates/data_processing.job_binaries/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/templates/data_processing.job_binaries/job_binaries_form_script.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/templates/data_processing.job_binaries/job_binaries.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_executions/templates/data_processing.job_executions/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_executions/templates/data_processing.job_executions/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_executions/templates/data_processing.job_executions/job_executions.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/config_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/_create_job_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/_create_job_libs_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/jobs.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/launch.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/_launch_job_configure_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/_launch_job_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/templates/data_processing.jobs/library_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/_configure_general_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/configure.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/_create_general_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/_fields_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/nodegroup_templates.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/_processes_list.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/nodegroup_templates/templates/data_processing.nodegroup_templates/_service_confs.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/addfirewall.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/addpolicy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/addrule.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/details_tabs.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_firewall_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_insert_rule_to_policy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/insert_rule_to_policy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_policy_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_remove_rule_from_policy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/remove_rule_from_policy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_rule_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_updatefirewall.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/updatefirewall.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_updatepolicy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/updatepolicy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_update_rule_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_updaterule.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/updaterule.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/templates/firewalls/_update_rules.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/images/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/images/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/images/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/images/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/images/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/images/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/snapshots/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/templates/images/snapshots/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_decryptpassword.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/decryptpassword.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_vnc.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_flavors_and_quotas.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_flavor.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_advanced_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_rebuild.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/rebuild.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_resize_instance_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatemember.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatemember.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatemonitor.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatemonitor.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatepool.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatepool.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatevip.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatevip.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/client_side/_balloon_container.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/client_side/_balloon_device.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/client_side/_balloon_port.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/_create_router.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/create_router.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/iframe.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/_post_massage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/_svg_element.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/extensions/routerrules/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/extensions/routerrules/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/extensions/routerrules/grid.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_change_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/change_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_events.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_resources.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_topology.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/resource.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_resource_info.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_resource_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_select_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/select_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_stack_info.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/backups/_create_backup.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/backups/create_backup.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/backups/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/backups/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/backups/_restore_backup.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/backups/restore_backup.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_extend.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/extend.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_extend_limits.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_limits.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_quota.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/snapshots/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/snapshots/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/snapshots/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_attach.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/attach.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/create_snapshot.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_extend.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/extend.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_extend_limits.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_limits.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_snapshot_limits.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/volumes/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/details_tabs.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_ikepolicy_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_ipsecpolicy_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_ipsecsiteconnection_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_update_ikepolicy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/update_ikepolicy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_update_ipsecpolicy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/update_ipsecpolicy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_update_ipsecsiteconnection.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/update_ipsecsiteconnection.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_update_vpnservice.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/update_vpnservice.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/templates/vpn/_vpnservice_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/templates/nexus1000v/_create_network_profile.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/templates/nexus1000v/create_network_profile.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/templates/nexus1000v/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/templates/nexus1000v/network_profile/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/templates/nexus1000v/policy_profile/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/templates/nexus1000v/_update_network_profile.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/templates/nexus1000v/update_network_profile.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/download_form.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/password/templates/password/_change.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/password/templates/password/change.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/_openrc.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/settings.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/403.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/404.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/500.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_add_tenant_user.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin_base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin/index.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin_overview.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_allocate_floating_ip.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_attach_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/base-root.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/base-sidebar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_container_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_container_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_copy_object.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_create_flavor.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_create_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_containers_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_containers.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_create_keypair.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_floating_ips_associate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_floating_ips.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_images.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_instances.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_instance_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_keypairs_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_keypairs.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_launch.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_network_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_network_rename.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_networks_detail.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_networks.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_object_copy.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_objects.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_objects_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_overview.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_port_attach.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_ports_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_group_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_groups_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_groups_edit_rules.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_groups.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_dash_sidebar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_snapshots_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_snapshots.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_usage.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_container.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_flavor.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_image.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_keypair.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_network.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_object.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_security_group.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_security_group_rule.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_detach_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_disassociate_floating_ip.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_floating_ip_associate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_floating_ips_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_footer.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_header.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_image_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_image_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_image_upload_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/index.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_instance_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_instance_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_keypair_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_keypair_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_launch.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_login.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/login_required.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_messages.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_network_detail.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_network_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_network_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_object_filter.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_object_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_object_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_page_header.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/permission_denied.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/qunit.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_quotas_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_reboot.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/activate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/login.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/logout.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_done.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_complete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_confirm.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_done.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_email.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/registration_complete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/registration_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_release_floating_ip.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_remove_tenant_user.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_rename_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_rename_network.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_scripts.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_security_group_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_security_group_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_service_toggle_enabled.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_sidebar_module.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_snapshot_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/splash.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_switch.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/switch_tenants.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_create_flavor.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_flavor_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_flavors.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_floating_ips.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_floating_ips_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_image_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_images.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_image_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_image_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_instance_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_instances.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_quotas.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_service_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_services.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_sidebar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_tenant_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_quotas.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenants.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_usage.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_users.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_usage.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_user_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_users.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_user_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_tenant_delete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_tenant_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_terminate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_toggle_image.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_toggle_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_topbar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/unavailable.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_delete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_enable_disable.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_toggle_enabled.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/auth/_login.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/auth/login.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/base.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_footer.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_login.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/qunit.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_scripts.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/splash.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_switch.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/switch_tenants.html
>>> askbot-theme/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os/templates/base.html
os/templates/maintenance.html
os/templates/meta/fonts.html
os/templates/widgets/footer.html
os/templates/widgets/meta_nav.html
os/templates/widgets/user_navigation.html
>>> lodgeit/other.txt: 30 bladfafhafadfa.txt
django_version/pastebin/templates/layout.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/all_pastes.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/_autocomplete.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/compare.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/_find_thread.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/new.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/recent_pastes.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/show.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/tagcloud.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/pastes/taglist.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/static/about.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/static/error404.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/static/error500.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/static/help.html
django_version/pastebin/templates/xmlrpc/index.html
pastebin/templates/layout.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/all_pastes.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/_autocomplete.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/compare.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/_find_thread.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/new.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/recent_pastes.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/show.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/tagcloud.html
pastebin/templates/pastes/taglist.html
pastebin/templates/static/about.html
pastebin/templates/static/error404.html
pastebin/templates/static/error500.html
pastebin/templates/static/help.html
pastebin/templates/xmlrpc/index.html
>>> refstack/other.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
refstack/templates/admin/master.html
refstack/templates/admin/master_legacy.html
refstack/templates/create_cloud.html
refstack/templates/create_profile.html
refstack/templates/edit_cloud.html
refstack/templates/edit_profile.html
refstack/templates/errors/page_not_found.html
refstack/templates/home.html
refstack/templates/index.html
refstack/templates/layout.html
refstack/templates/login.html
refstack/templates/scorecard.html
refstack/templates/show_report.html
refstack/templates/show_status.html
refstack/templates/test_cloud.html
refstack/templates/view_profile.html
>>> compass-web/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
v2/templates/clusters.html
v2/templates/servers.html
v2/templates/topnav.html
>>> gerrit/other.txt: 58 bladfafhafadfa.txt
webapp/templates/404.html
webapp/templates/500.html
webapp/templates/admin_base.html
webapp/templates/admin_datastore_delete.html
webapp/templates/admin_datastore_upgrade.html
webapp/templates/admin_group.html
webapp/templates/admin_groups.html
webapp/templates/admin.html
webapp/templates/admin_project.html
webapp/templates/admin_projects.html
webapp/templates/admin_settings_analytics.html
webapp/templates/admin_settings_canonical_url.html
webapp/templates/admin_settings_from_email.html
webapp/templates/admin_settings_from_email_test.html
webapp/templates/admin_settings.html
webapp/templates/admin_settings_merge_log_email.html
webapp/templates/admin_settings_source_browser_url.html
webapp/templates/admin_unverified_clas.html
webapp/templates/admin_user.html
webapp/templates/admin_users.html
webapp/templates/all.html
webapp/templates/base.html
webapp/templates/bundle_heading.html
webapp/templates/bundle_row.html
webapp/templates/change_base.html
webapp/templates/change_heading.html
webapp/templates/change.html
webapp/templates/change_pagedrow.html
webapp/templates/change_revision_unknown.html
webapp/templates/change_revision_uploading.html
webapp/templates/change_row.html
webapp/templates/changes_base.html
webapp/templates/change_star.html
webapp/templates/context_select.html
webapp/templates/delete_loop.html
webapp/templates/diff2.html
webapp/templates/diff.html
webapp/templates/diff_navigation.html
webapp/templates/edit.html
webapp/templates/hello.html
webapp/templates/inline_comment.html
webapp/templates/list_changes.html
webapp/templates/live_revision.html
webapp/templates/patch.html
webapp/templates/patchset.html
webapp/templates/patchset_patchrow.html
webapp/templates/publish.html
webapp/templates/reviewers.html
webapp/templates/settings.html
webapp/templates/settings_welcome_1.html
webapp/templates/settings_welcome_2.html
webapp/templates/settings_welcome_3_corporate.html
webapp/templates/settings_welcome_3_individual.html
webapp/templates/settings_welcome_4.html
webapp/templates/starred.html
webapp/templates/unclaimed.html
webapp/templates/user.html
webapp/templates/user_popup.html
>>> storyboard/other.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
about/templates/about.base.html
about/templates/about.welcome.html
about/templates/base.html
projects/templates/projects.base.html
projects/templates/projects.dashboard.html
projects/templates/projects.list.html
projects/templates/projects.list_tasks.html
projects/templates/projects.project.html
projects/templates/projects.view.html
stories/templates/stories.base.html
stories/templates/stories.dashboard.html
stories/templates/stories.modal_addstory.html
stories/templates/stories.modal_addtask.html
stories/templates/stories.modal_deltask.html
stories/templates/stories.modal_editprio.html
stories/templates/stories.modal_editstory.html
stories/templates/stories.modal_edittask.html
stories/templates/stories.view.html
storyboard/about/templates/about.base.html
storyboard/about/templates/about.welcome.html
storyboard/about/templates/base.html
storyboard/projects/templates/projects.base.html
storyboard/projects/templates/projects.dashboard.html
storyboard/projects/templates/projects.group.html
storyboard/projects/templates/projects.list.html
storyboard/projects/templates/projects.list_tasks.html
storyboard/projects/templates/projects.project.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.base.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.dashboard.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.modal_addstory.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.modal_addtask.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.modal_deltask.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.modal_editprio.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.modal_editstory.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.modal_edittask.html
storyboard/stories/templates/stories.view.html
>>> config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/_templates/layout.html
>>> novaimagebuilder/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
imagebuilder/api/templates/error.html
imagebuilder/api/templates/index.html
imagebuilder/api/templates/layout.html
>>> rubick/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ostack_validator/templates/validation_error.html
ostack_validator/templates/validation_form.html
ostack_validator/templates/validation_result.html
ostack_validator/templates/validation_state.html
rubick/templates/validation_error.html
rubick/templates/validation_form.html
rubick/templates/validation_result.html
rubick/templates/validation_state.html
>>> fuel-library/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
docs/_templates/bootstrap/globaltoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/layout.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/localtoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/relations.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/searchbox.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/sourcelink.html
>>> python-muranoclient/other.txt: 258 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
>>> python-ganttclient/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/boto/docs/source/_templates/layout.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/index.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/message.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/modules/post.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/stream.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/documentation.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/index.html
>>> python-mistralclient/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/mistral/executions/templates/executions/index.html
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/templates/workbooks/_execute.html
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/templates/workbooks/execute.html
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/templates/workbooks/index.html
>>> python-manilaclient/other.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/broken.html
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/foo/test.html
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/syntaxerror.html
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/test.html
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/broken.html
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/foo/test.html
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/syntaxerror.html
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/test.html
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/broken.html
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/foo/test.html
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/syntaxerror.html
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/templates/test.html
>>> groups/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
themes/groups/openstack/sass-extensions/zen-grids/templates/project/example.html
themes/openstack/sass-extensions/zen-grids/templates/project/example.html
>>> tuskar-ui-extras/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskar_sat_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/details.html
tuskar_sat_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/_scripts.html
tuskar_sat_ui/overrides/infrastructure/templates/nodes/details.html
tuskar_sat_ui/overrides/infrastructure/templates/_scripts.html
tuskar_sat_ui/templates/infrastructure/nodes/details.html
tuskar_sat_ui/templates/infrastructure/_scripts.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/details.html
>>> wsme/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
wsme/protocols/templates/fault.html
wsme/protocols/templates/soap.html
wsme/protocols/templates/wsdl.html
wsme/templates/fault.html
wsme/templates/soap.html
wsme/templates/wsdl.html
>>> gantt/other.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/_templates/layout.html
vendor/boto/docs/source/_templates/layout.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/index.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/message.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/modules/post.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/stream.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/documentation.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/index.html
>>> melange/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/boto/docs/source/_templates/layout.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/appengine/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/archive.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/compose.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/home.html
vendor/tornado/demos/blog/templates/modules/entry.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/index.html
vendor/tornado/demos/chat/templates/message.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/modules/post.html
vendor/tornado/demos/facebook/templates/stream.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/base.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/documentation.html
vendor/tornado/website/templates/index.html
>>> storyboard-webclient/other.txt: 63 bladfafhafadfa.txt
src/app/templates/auth/busy.html
src/app/templates/auth/error.html
src/app/templates/auth/modal/login_required.html
src/app/templates/auth/modal/superuser_required.html
src/app/templates/auth/provider/list.html
src/app/templates/auth/provider/login.html
src/app/templates/dashboard/dashboard.html
src/app/templates/dashboard/index.html
src/app/templates/error/notifications.html
src/app/templates/footer.html
src/app/templates/header_criteria_item.html
src/app/templates/header.html
src/app/templates/header_menu.html
src/app/templates/index.html
src/app/templates/main_menu.html
src/app/templates/page/about.html
src/app/templates/profile/preferences.html
src/app/templates/project/delete.html
src/app/templates/project/detail.html
src/app/templates/project/edit.html
src/app/templates/project_groups/detail.html
src/app/templates/project_groups/edit.html
src/app/templates/project_groups/list.html
src/app/templates/project_groups/new.html
src/app/templates/project/list.html
src/app/templates/project/new.html
src/app/templates/project/overview.html
src/app/templates/project/stories.html
src/app/templates/search/index.html
src/app/templates/search/project_search_item.html
src/app/templates/search/story_search_item.html
src/app/templates/search/task_search_item.html
src/app/templates/search/typeahead_criteria_item.html
src/app/templates/search/user_search_item.html
src/app/templates/side_menu.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/story_created.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/story_details_changed.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/task_assignee_changed.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/task_created.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/task_deleted.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/task_details_changed.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/task_priority_changed.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/task_status_changed.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/template_switch.html
src/app/templates/story/comments/user_comment.html
src/app/templates/story/delete.html
src/app/templates/story/delete_task.html
src/app/templates/story/detail.html
src/app/templates/story/edit.html
src/app/templates/story/list.html
src/app/templates/story/new.html
src/app/templates/story/overview.html
src/app/templates/story/story_list_item.html
src/app/templates/story/task_edit_form.html
src/app/templates/story/update_filter.html
src/app/templates/teams/list.html
src/app/templates/util/story_status_label.html
src/app/templates/util/story_task_status.html
src/app/templates/util/tag_complete.html
src/app/templates/util/tag_input.html
src/app/templates/util/task_priority_dropdown.html
src/app/templates/util/task_status_dropdown.html
src/app/templates/util/time_moment.html
>>> oslo-incubator/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/paste/templates/openstack/doc/source/_theme/layout.html
>>> sahara/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/_templates/sidebarlinks.html
>>> murano-docs/other.txt: 258 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
>>> murano-deployment/other.txt: 258 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
>>> tuskar/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/api/templates/index.html
tuskar/api/templates/index.html
>>> driverlog/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
driverlog/dashboard/templates/404.html
driverlog/dashboard/templates/base.html
driverlog/dashboard/templates/details.html
driverlog/dashboard/templates/layout.html
driverlog/dashboard/templates/summary.html
>>> murano/other.txt: 259 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
doc/source/_templates/sidebarlinks.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
>>> tuskar-ui/other.txt: 1726 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/templates/admin/index.html
dashboard/templates/base.html
dashboard/templates/base-root.html
dashboard/templates/base-sidebar.html
dashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/templates/permission_denied.html
dashboard/templates/registration/activate.html
dashboard/templates/registration/login.html
dashboard/templates/registration/logout.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_done.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_form.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_complete.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_confirm.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_done.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_email.html
dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_form.html
dashboard/templates/registration/registration_complete.html
dashboard/templates/registration/registration_form.html
dashboard/templates/unavailable.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/base_projects.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/change_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/edit_project.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/global_edit_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/send_credentials.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/admin/django_nova/project/user_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/credentials/expired.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/detail_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/edit.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/_launch_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/launch.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/images/_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/detail_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/edit.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/_instances_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/instances/performance.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_list.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/_messages.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/projects/edit_user.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/projects/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/projects/manage.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/detail.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/base.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/_create_form.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/templates/django_nova/volumes/index.html
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/cloudview/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/instances/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/security/disable_project_credentials.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/security/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/volumes/index.html
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/templates/django_nova_syspanel/vpns/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_login.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_switch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/instances/_reboot.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/instances/_terminate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/_page_header.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/common/_sidebar_module.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_container_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_container_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/dash_containers_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/dash_containers.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_delete_container.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/containers/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/dash_base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/dashboard_settings.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_dash_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_allocate_floating_ip.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_allocate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/dash_floating_ips_associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/dash_floating_ips.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_disassociate_floating_ip.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_disassociate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_floating_ip_associate.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_floating_ips_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_release_floating_ip.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/floating_ips/_release.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/dash_images.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/dash_launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_image_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/images/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/dash_instances.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/dash_instance_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/dash_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_instance_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_instance_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/instances/usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/dash_keypairs_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/dash_keypairs.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_delete_keypair.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/import.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_keypair_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_keypair_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_launch.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_network_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_network_rename.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_networks_detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/dash_networks.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_delete_network.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_delete_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_detach_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_network_detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_network_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_network_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_rename_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_rename.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/rename.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_rename_network.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/networks/_toggle_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_copy.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/copy.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_copy_object.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/dash_object_copy.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/dash_objects.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/dash_objects_upload.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_delete_object.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_filter.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_object_filter.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_object_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_object_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/_paging.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/objects/upload.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_attach_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/_create_port.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/dash_port_attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/ports/dash_ports_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/dash_security_groups_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/dash_security_groups_edit_rules.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/dash_security_groups.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete_rule.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete_security_group.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_delete_security_group_rule.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/edit_rules.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_security_group_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/security_groups/_security_group_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/settings.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/dash_snapshots_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/dash_snapshots.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/snapshots/_snapshot_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_upload.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/attach.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_detach_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/volumes/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/_messages.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_delete_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_flavor_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/syspanel_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/_syspanel_flavor_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/flavors/syspanel_flavors.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_delete_image.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_image_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_syspanel_image_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/syspanel_images.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/syspanel_image_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_toggle.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/_toggle_image.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/images/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/detail.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/_syspanel_instance_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/syspanel_instances.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/syspanel_tenant_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/syspanel_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/tenant_usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/instances/usage.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/quotas/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/quotas/syspanel_quotas.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_service_toggle_enabled.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_syspanel_service_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/syspanel_services.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/services/_toggle.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/syspanel_base.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_syspanel_sidebar.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_add_tenant_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_add_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_create_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_create_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_quotas_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/quotas.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_remove_tenant_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_remove_user.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_syspanel_tenant_list.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_quotas.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenants.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/syspanel_tenant_users.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_tenant_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_update_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_update_quotas_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/_update_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/tenants/users.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_update_quotas_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_update_tenant_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_update_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_create_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_create_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_enable_disable.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/index.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/syspanel_user_create.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/syspanel_users.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/syspanel_user_update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_toggle_enabled.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_update_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/update.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_update_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_delete.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_enable_disable.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_form.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/users/_user_toggle_enabled.html
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/add_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/base_projects.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/change_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/delete_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/edit_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/global_edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/send_credentials.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_nova/project/user_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/add_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/add_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/base_projects.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/change_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/delete_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/delete_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/edit_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/global_edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/project_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/send_credentials.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/nova/project/user_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/add_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/add_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/base_projects.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/change_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/delete_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/delete_project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/edit_project.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/global_edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/project_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/project_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/send_credentials.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/admin/django_openstack/project/user_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/credentials/expired.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/images/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/detail_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/_instances_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/instances/performance.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/_messages.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/projects/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/projects/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/projects/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/detail.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/cloudview/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova_syspanel/vpns/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_nova/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_login.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/auth/_switch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/credentials/expired.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/dash/_upload.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/images/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/detail_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/_instances_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/instances/performance.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/_messages.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/credentials/expired.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/_launch_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/launch.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/images/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/detail_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/edit.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/_instances_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/instances/performance.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/keypairs/_list.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/projects/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/projects/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/projects/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/detail.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/tenants/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/tenants/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/tenants/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/nova/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/projects/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/projects/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/projects/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/_authorize_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/detail.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/securitygroups/_revoke_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/syspanel/_create_flavor.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/tenants/edit_user.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/tenants/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/tenants/manage.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/_attach_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/base.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/_create_form.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templates/django_openstack/volumes/index.html
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/quotas/templates/quotas/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/services/templates/services/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/templates/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/templates/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_associate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/base.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_rename.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/rename.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/copy.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/upload.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/_warning.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/download_form.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/index.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/_openrc.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/base.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/download_form.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/index.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/_openrc.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/_language.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_language.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/templates/images/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/templates/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/templates/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/instances/templates/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/templates/networks/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/templates/projects/users.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/quotas/templates/quotas/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/services/templates/services/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/base.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/overview/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/add_user.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/quotas.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/usage.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/users.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/quotas/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/_create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/create.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/index.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/_update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/templates/users/update.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_disassociate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/_release.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_delete_rule.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/base.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/containers/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_allocate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/associate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_disassociate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/floating_ips/_release.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_launch_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/launch.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/images/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_log.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_overview.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_detail_vnc.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_instance_ips.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_no_instances.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_pause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_resume.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_suspend.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_unpause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/create_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_detach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_no_instances.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_snapshot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/instances/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/import.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/keypairs/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_delete_port.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_detach_port.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_rename_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_rename.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/rename.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/networks/_toggle_port.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_copy.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/copy.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_filter.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_paging.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/_upload.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/objects/upload.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/overview/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/_attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/ports/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_delete_rule.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/edit_rules.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/security_groups/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/snapshots/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_attach_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/attach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_detach_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_detach.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/templates/nova/volumes/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/base.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/download_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/ec2/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/_openrc.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/project/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/tenant/_openrc.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/tenant/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/_language.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/templates/settings/user/settings.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/base.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/flavors/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_toggle.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/images/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/detail.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_pause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_resume.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_suspend.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/tenant_usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/_unpause.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/instances/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/overview/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/projects/users.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/quotas/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/_stats.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/services/_toggle.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/add_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/base_usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_create_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/global_usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_list.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_quotas_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_remove_user.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update_quotas_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/_update_quotas.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/usage.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/tenants/users.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_create_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/create.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_delete.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_enable_disable.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/index.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_toggle_enabled.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_update_form.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/_update.html
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/templates/syspanel/users/update.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_login.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/auth/login.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_switch.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/instances/_reboot.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/instances/_terminate.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
horizon/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/404.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/base.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/splash.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/switch_tenants.html
horizon/horizon/tests/templates/_tab.html
horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
horizon/templates/auth/login.html
horizon/templates/base.html
horizon/templates/_header.html
horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_login.html
horizon/templates/horizon/auth/login.html
horizon/templates/horizon/auth/_switch.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/conf.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal_chart.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_domain_page_header.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_limit_summary.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form_add_members.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_base.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
horizon/templates/splash.html
horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
horizon/tests/templates/404.html
horizon/tests/templates/base.html
horizon/tests/templates/base-sidebar.html
horizon/tests/templates/splash.html
horizon/tests/templates/switch_tenants.html
horizon/tests/templates/tab_group.html
horizon/tests/templates/_tab.html
horizon/tests/templates/workflow.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/templates/kittens/index.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/templates/cats/base.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/templates/tigers/index.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/templates/puppies/index.html
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/templates/dogs/base.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/_aggregate_hosts.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/_aggregate_metadata.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/templates/aggregates/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/domains/templates/domains/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/_add_non_member.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/add_non_member.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/manage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/templates/groups/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/hypervisors/templates/hypervisors/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/quotas/templates/quotas/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/templates/roles/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/services/templates/services/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/hosts/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/hosts/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/hosts/unracked.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/nodes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/nodes/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/nodes/unracked.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/edit.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_edit_status.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/edit_status.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_index_table.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_upload.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/upload.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_action.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/action.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_detail_flavors.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_detail_racks.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_detail_resources.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_racks_step.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_resource_class_info_and_flavors_step.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_resources_step.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/service_management/templates/service_management/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/base_detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/base.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/_scripts.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_edit_rules.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/edit_rules.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_vnc.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_flavors_and_quotas.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_resize_instance_help.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatemember.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatemember.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatemonitor.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatemonitor.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatepool.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatepool.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_updatevip.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/updatevip.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_events.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_resources.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_detail_topology.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/resource.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_resource_info.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_resource_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_select_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/select_template.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/templates/stacks/_stack_info.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_limits.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_quota.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/download_form.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/ec2/templates/ec2/index.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/password/templates/password/_change.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/password/templates/password/change.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/_openrc.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/project/templates/project/settings.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/403.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/404.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/500.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_add_tenant_user.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin_base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin/index.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin_overview.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/admin_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_allocate_floating_ip.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_attach_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/base-root.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/base-sidebar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_container_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_container_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_copy_object.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_create_flavor.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_create_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_containers_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_containers.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_create_keypair.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_floating_ips_associate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_floating_ips.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_images.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_instances.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_instance_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_keypairs_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_keypairs.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_launch.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_network_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_network_rename.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_networks_detail.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_networks.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_object_copy.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_objects.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_objects_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_overview.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_port_attach.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_ports_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_group_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_groups_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_groups_edit_rules.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_security_groups.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_dash_sidebar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_snapshots_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_snapshots.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/dash_usage.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_container.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_flavor.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_image.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_keypair.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_network.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_object.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_security_group.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_delete_security_group_rule.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_detach_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_disassociate_floating_ip.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_floating_ip_associate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_floating_ips_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_footer.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_header.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_image_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_image_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_image_upload_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/index.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_instance_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_instance_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_keypair_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_keypair_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_launch.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_login.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/login_required.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_messages.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_network_detail.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_network_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_network_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_object_filter.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_object_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_object_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_page_header.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/permission_denied.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/qunit.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_quotas_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_reboot.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/activate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/login.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/logout.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_done.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_change_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_complete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_confirm.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_done.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_email.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/password_reset_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/registration_complete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/registration/registration_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_release_floating_ip.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_remove_tenant_user.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_rename_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_rename_network.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_scripts.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_security_group_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_security_group_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_service_toggle_enabled.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_sidebar_module.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_snapshot_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/splash.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_switch.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/switch_tenants.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_base.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_create_flavor.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_flavor_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_flavors.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_floating_ips.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_floating_ips_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_image_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_images.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_image_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_image_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_instance_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_instances.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_quotas.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_service_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_services.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_sidebar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_syspanel_tenant_list.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_quotas.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenants.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_usage.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_tenant_users.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_usage.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_user_create.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_users.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/syspanel_user_update.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_tenant_delete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_tenant_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_terminate.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_toggle_image.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_toggle_port.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_topbar.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/unavailable.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_upload.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_delete.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_enable_disable.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_form.html
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/templates/_user_toggle_enabled.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/auth/_login.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/auth/login.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/base.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_footer.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_login.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/qunit.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_scripts.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/splash.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/_switch.html
openstack_dashboard/templates/switch_tenants.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/flavors/templates/flavors/details.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/history/templates/history/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/images/templates/images/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/node_profiles/templates/node_profiles/create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/node_profiles/templates/node_profiles/details.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/node_profiles/templates/node_profiles/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/free/templates/nodes.free/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/overview/templates/nodes.overview/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/overview/templates/nodes.overview/_nodes_formset_field.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/overview/templates/nodes.overview/_nodes_formset_form.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/overview/templates/nodes.overview/_register.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/overview/templates/nodes.overview/register.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/resource/templates/nodes.resource/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/details.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/_nodes_formset_field.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/_nodes_formset_form.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/_register.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/templates/nodes/register.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/_detail_configuration.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/_detail_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/node_counts.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/overcloud_role.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/resource_category.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/_role_edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/role_edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/scale_node_counts.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/_undeploy_confirmation.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/undeploy_confirmation.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/undeployed_configuration.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/undeployed_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/templates/overcloud/_undeploy_in_progress.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/_deploy_confirmation.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/deploy_confirmation.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/_deployment_status.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/_plan_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/_role_nodes.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/_undeploy_confirmation.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/undeploy_confirmation.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/templates/overview/_undeploy_in_progress.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/parameters/templates/parameters/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/plans/templates/plans/create_configuration.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/plans/templates/plans/create_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/plans/templates/plans/node_counts.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/plans/templates/plans/scale_node_counts.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/_create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/_detail_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/_edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavors/edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavor_templates/_create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavor_templates/create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavor_templates/detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavor_templates/_detail_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavor_templates/_edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/flavor_templates/edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/nodes/detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/nodes/_detail_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/nodes/unracked.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/_provision.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/provision.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/_provision_info.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/_provision_progress.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/create.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_detail_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/edit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_edit_status.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/edit_status.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_index_table.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_rack_nodes_step.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/_upload.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/racks/upload.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_action.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/action.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_detail_flavors.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_detail_overview.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_detail_racks.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_flavors_step.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_formset.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_index_table.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_racks_step.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_resource_class_info_and_flavors_step.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/templates/resource_management/resource_classes/_table_step.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/free/templates/resources.free/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/management/templates/resources.management/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/resource/templates/resources.resource/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/roles/templates/roles/detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/roles/templates/roles/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/service_management/templates/service_management/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/static/infrastructure/angular_templates/numberpicker.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/client_side/_modal_chart.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/client_side/templates.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/formset_table/menu_formset.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/formset_table/_row.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/formset_table/_table.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/horizon/common/_form_errors.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/horizon/common/_form_field.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/horizon/common/_horizontal_field.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/horizon/common/_horizontal_fields.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/horizon/common/_items_count_domain_page_header.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/horizon/common/_items_count_tab_group.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/base_detail.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/base.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/base_nodes_table.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/_fullscreen_workflow_base.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/_fullscreen_workflow.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/nodes/overview/index.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/nodes/overview/_nodes_formset_field.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/nodes/overview/_nodes_formset_form.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/nodes/overview/_register.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/nodes/overview/register.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/_performance_chart.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/qunit.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/_scripts.html
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templates/infrastructure/_workflow_base.html
>>> kwapi/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kwapi/plugins/rrd/templates/index.html
>>> murano-conductor/other.txt: 258 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
>>> ceilometer/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometer/api/templates/list_event.html
ceilometer/api/v1/templates/list_event.html
>>> murano-agent/other.txt: 258 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
>>> bugdaystats/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
templates/index.html
templates/project.html
>>> pecan/other.txt: 49 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pecan/scaffolds/base/+package+/templates/error.html
pecan/scaffolds/base/+package+/templates/index.html
pecan/scaffolds/base/+package+/templates/layout.html
pecan/templates/project/+package+/templates/error.html
pecan/templates/project/+package+/templates/index.html
pecan/templates/project/+package+/templates/layout.html
pecan/templates/project/+package+/templates/success.html
pecan/tests/templates/error_for.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_colors.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_colors_invalid.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_colors_valid.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_login.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_login_invalid.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_login_valid.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_name.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_name_invalid_custom.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_name_invalid.html
pecan/tests/templates/form_name_valid.html
pecan/tests/templates/genshi_bad.html
pecan/tests/templates/genshi.html
pecan/tests/templates/jinja_bad.html
pecan/tests/templates/jinja.html
pecan/tests/templates/kajiki.html
pecan/tests/templates/mako_bad.html
pecan/tests/templates/mako.html
templates/project/+egg+/templates/index.html
templates/project/+egg+/templates/layout.html
templates/project/+egg+/templates/success.html
tests/templates/error_for.html
tests/templates/errors_colors.html
tests/templates/errors.html
tests/templates/errors_name.html
tests/templates/form_colors.html
tests/templates/form_colors_invalid.html
tests/templates/form_colors_valid.html
tests/templates/form_login.html
tests/templates/form_login_invalid.html
tests/templates/form_login_valid.html
tests/templates/form_name.html
tests/templates/form_name_invalid_custom.html
tests/templates/form_name_invalid.html
tests/templates/form_name_valid.html
tests/templates/genshi_bad.html
tests/templates/genshi.html
tests/templates/jinja_bad.html
tests/templates/jinja.html
tests/templates/kajiki.html
tests/templates/mako_bad.html
tests/templates/mako.html
>>> taskflow/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/templates/layout.html
>>> elastic-recheck/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
web/share/templates/base.html
web/share/templates/uncategorized.html
>>> inception/other.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
inception/webui/templates/inception/_detail_console.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/detail.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_detail_log.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_detail_overview.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_flavors_and_quotas.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/index.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_instance_ips.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_launch_customize_help.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_launch_details_help.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_launch_network_help.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_launch_volumes_help.html
inception/webui/templates/inception/_update_networks.html
>>> django_openstack_auth/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack_auth/tests/templates/auth/blank.html
openstack_auth/tests/templates/auth/login.html
>>> ironic/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/api/templates/index.html
>>> fuel-docs/other.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel-library/_templates/bootstrap/globaltoc.html
fuel-library/_templates/bootstrap/layout.html
fuel-library/_templates/bootstrap/localtoc.html
fuel-library/_templates/bootstrap/relations.html
fuel-library/_templates/bootstrap/searchbox.html
fuel-library/_templates/bootstrap/sourcelink.html
pages/installation-fuel-web/_templates/bootstrap/globaltoc.html
pages/installation-fuel-web/_templates/bootstrap/layout.html
pages/installation-fuel-web/_templates/bootstrap/localtoc.html
pages/installation-fuel-web/_templates/bootstrap/relations.html
pages/installation-fuel-web/_templates/bootstrap/searchbox.html
pages/installation-fuel-web/_templates/bootstrap/sourcelink.html
_templates/bootstrap/globaltoc.html
_templates/bootstrap/layout.html
_templates/bootstrap/localtoc.html
_templates/bootstrap/relations.html
_templates/bootstrap/searchbox.html
_templates/bootstrap/sourcelink.html
_templates/mirantis/doc_license.html
_templates/mirantis/globaltoc.html
_templates/mirantis/layout.html
_templates/mirantis/localtoc.html
>>> activity-board/other.txt: 14 bladfafhafadfa.txt
templates/attic_old/bubbles.html
templates/attic_old/catalog.html
templates/attic_old/dgrid2.html
templates/attic_old/dgrid.html
templates/attic_old/dgrid_issue.html
templates/attic_old/header.html
templates/attic_old/index-beta.html
templates/attic_old/index-dev.html
templates/attic_old/index-rt.html
templates/attic_old/mls-selector.html
templates/attic_old/notes.html
templates/attic_old/radar.html
templates/attic_old/refcard.html
templates/attic_old/treemap.html
>>> stacktach/other.txt: 27 bladfafhafadfa.txt
stacktach/templates/base.html
stacktach/templates/data.html
stacktach/templates/expand.html
stacktach/templates/host_status.html
stacktach/templates/index.html
stacktach/templates/instance_status.html
stacktach/templates/new_tenant.html
stacktach/templates/rows.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/base.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/data.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/expand.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/host_status.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/index.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/instance_status.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/new_tenant.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/rows.html
stacktach/templates/stacktach/welcome.html
stacktach/templates/welcome.html
templates/base.html
templates/data.html
templates/expand.html
templates/host_status.html
templates/index.html
templates/instance_status.html
templates/new_tenant.html
templates/rows.html
templates/welcome.html
>>> fuel-main/other.txt: 126 bladfafhafadfa.txt
docs/_templates/bootstrap/globaltoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/layout.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/localtoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/relations.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/searchbox.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/sourcelink.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/add_remove_nodes_dialog.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/breadcrumb.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/add_remove_nodes_dialog.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/cluster.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/deployment_control.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster_info.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/info.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster_node.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/page.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/role_chooser.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/clusters/cluster.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/clusters/new.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/clusters/page.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/common/breadcrumb.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/common/navbar.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/add_remove_nodes.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/assign_roles.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/deployment_type_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/node_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/node_dialog/dialog.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/node_dialog/dialog_node_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/release/list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_error.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_running.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_success.html
nailgun/nailgun/templates/base.html
nailgun/nailgun/templates/index.html
nailgun/nailgun/templates/tpl_env_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_popover.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/add_nodes_screen.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/assign_roles_panel.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/delete_nodes_panel.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/deployment_control.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/deployment_result.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/edit_node_disks.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/edit_node_interfaces.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/edit_nodes_screen.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/healthcheck_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/healthcheck_testset.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/healthcheck_tests.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/log_entry.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/logs_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network_tab_summary.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network_tab_view.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/new-node.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_disk.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_group.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_interface.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_interface_networks.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_interfaces.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/nodes_filter.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/nodes_management_panel.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/nodes_tab_summary.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_status.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/role_chooser.html
nailgun/static/templates/clusters/cluster.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/settings_group.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/settings_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/clusters/new.html
nailgun/static/templates/clusters/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/verify_network_control.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/verify_network_failed.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/volume_style.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/breadcrumb.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/footer.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/navbar.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/nodes_stats.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/nodes_stats_popover.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/notifications.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/notifications_popover.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/rhel_credentials.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/add_remove_nodes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/assign_roles.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_cluster_mode.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_cluster_type.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_network_mode.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_network_parameters.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_network_settings.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/additional.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/compute.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/mode.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/name_and_release.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/network.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/ready.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/storage.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/delete_nodes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/deployment_type_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/discard_changes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/dismiss_settings.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/display_changes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/error_message.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/node_details.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/node_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/predeploy_info.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/remove_cluster.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/rhel_credentials.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/rhel_license.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/show_node.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/simple_message.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/update_interfaces.html
nailgun/static/templates/notifications/list.html
nailgun/static/templates/release/list.html
nailgun/static/templates/release/release.html
nailgun/static/templates/support/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_error.html
nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_running.html
nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_success.html
>>> barbican/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
templates/agents.html
templates/events.html
templates/index.html
templates/layout.html
templates/login.html
templates/users.html
>>> odsreg/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cfp/templates/404.html
cfp/templates/500.html
cfp/templates/base.html
cfp/templates/cfpcreate.html
cfp/templates/cfpdelete.html
cfp/templates/cfpdetails.html
cfp/templates/cfpedit.html
cfp/templates/cfplist.html
cfp/templates/cfpreview.html
cfp/templates/cfpswitch.html
cfp/templates/comments.html
cfp/templates/noevent.html
cfp/templates/regform.html
cfp/templates/topiclist.html
cfp/templates/topicstatus.html
scheduling/templates/graph.html
scheduling/templates/sched.html
scheduling/templates/scheduling.html
scheduling/templates/slotedit.html
scheduling/templates/slotswap.html
>>> libra/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
libra/api/templates/error.html
>>> murano-dashboard/other.txt: 395 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/add_app.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/app_details.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/_app_license.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/_app_requirements.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/app_tile.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/categories.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/_details_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/env_switcher.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/_overview.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/page_link.html
muranodashboard/templates/catalog/quick_deploy.html
muranodashboard/templates/common/form-fields/data-grid/checkbox.html
muranodashboard/templates/common/form-fields/data-grid/data_table.html
muranodashboard/templates/common/form-fields/data-grid/input.html
muranodashboard/templates/common/form-fields/data-grid/radio.html
muranodashboard/templates/common/form-fields/data-grid/table_field.html
muranodashboard/templates/common/_form_fields.html
muranodashboard/templates/common/_modal_form.html
muranodashboard/templates/create_dc.html
muranodashboard/templates/create.html
muranodashboard/templates/_create_service_wizard.html
muranodashboard/templates/create_service_wizard.html
muranodashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
muranodashboard/templates/data_grid_field.html
muranodashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
muranodashboard/templates/_deployment_logs.html
muranodashboard/templates/deployment_reports.html
muranodashboard/templates/_deployment_reports_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/deployments.html
muranodashboard/templates/deployments/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/deployments/_logs.html
muranodashboard/templates/_deployments_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/deployments/_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/deployments/reports.html
muranodashboard/templates/deployments/_reports_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/environments/create.html
muranodashboard/templates/environments/_help.html
muranodashboard/templates/environments/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/environments/update.html
muranodashboard/templates/_horizon_form_fields.html
muranodashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
muranodashboard/templates/images/_add.html
muranodashboard/templates/images/add.html
muranodashboard/templates/images/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/images/_mark.html
muranodashboard/templates/images/mark.html
muranodashboard/templates/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_detail_overview.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/files.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_form_fields_simple.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_help_manifest.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_modify_package.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/modify_package.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/service_files.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_upload_file2.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/upload_file2.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_upload_file.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/upload_file.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_upload_package.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/upload_package.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_upload_service.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/upload_service.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_workflow_step_files.html
muranodashboard/templates/packages/_workflow_step.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_detail_overview.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/files.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_form_fields_simple.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_help_manifest.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/service_files.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_upload_file2.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/upload_file2.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_upload_file.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/upload_file.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_upload.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/upload.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_upload_service.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/upload_service.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_workflow_step_files.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_catalog/_workflow_step.html
muranodashboard/templates/_service_detail_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/service_details.html
muranodashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_application_info.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_detail_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/details.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_detail_topology.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_environment_info.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_horizon_form_fields.html
muranodashboard/templates/_services.html
muranodashboard/templates/services.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_logs.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_overview.html
muranodashboard/templates/_services_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_service_list.html
muranodashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_unit_info.html
muranodashboard/templates/services/_wizard_create.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_api_srv.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_app_stats.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_billing_entry.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_billing.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_billing_stats.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_eng_srv.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/index.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_page_header.html
muranodashboard/templates/stats/_srv_instance.html
muranodashboard/templates/update_env.html
muranodashboard/templates/update.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/templates/update.html
>>> swift/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/_templates/layout.html
>>> python-saharaclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/source/_templates/sidebarlinks.html
>>> billingstack/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billingstack/api/templates/error.html
billingstack/api/templates/index.html
>>> monasca-ui/other.txt: 57 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarm_history.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarm.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarm_meter.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarms/_create.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarms/create.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarms/_detail.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarms/detail.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarms/_edit.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarms/edit.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/alarms/index.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/_create.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/create.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/_detail.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/detail.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/_edit.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/edit.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/index.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/monitor.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/monitorng.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/newmonitor.html
monitoring/alarms/templates/alarms/_scripts.html
monitoring/notifications/templates/notifications/_create.html
monitoring/notifications/templates/notifications/create.html
monitoring/notifications/templates/notifications/_detail.html
monitoring/notifications/templates/notifications/detail.html
monitoring/notifications/templates/notifications/_edit.html
monitoring/notifications/templates/notifications/edit.html
monitoring/notifications/templates/notifications/index.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarm_history.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarm.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarm_meter.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarms/_create.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarms/create.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarms/_detail.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarms/detail.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarms/_edit.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarms/edit.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alarms/index.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alert_history.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alert.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/alert_meter.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/index.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/monitor.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/monitorng.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/newmonitor.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/notifications/_create.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/notifications/create.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/notifications/_detail.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/notifications/detail.html
monitoring/templates/monitoring/_scripts.html
templates/monitoring/alert_history.html
templates/monitoring/alert.html
templates/monitoring/alert_meter.html
templates/monitoring/index.html
templates/monitoring/monitor.html
templates/monitoring/monitorng.html
templates/monitoring/_scripts.html
>>> fuel-web/other.txt: 152 bladfafhafadfa.txt
docs/_templates/bootstrap/globaltoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/layout.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/localtoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/relations.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/searchbox.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/sourcelink.html
docs/_templates/searchbox.html
docs/_templates/sidebarpdf.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/add_remove_nodes_dialog.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/breadcrumb.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/add_remove_nodes_dialog.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/cluster.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/deployment_control.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster_info.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/info.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster_node.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/page.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/cluster/role_chooser.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/clusters/cluster.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/clusters/new.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/clusters/page.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/common/breadcrumb.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/common/navbar.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/add_remove_nodes.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/assign_roles.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/deployment_type_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/node_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/node_dialog/dialog.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/node_dialog/dialog_node_list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/release/list.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_error.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_running.html
nailgun/nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_success.html
nailgun/nailgun/templates/base.html
nailgun/nailgun/templates/index.html
nailgun/nailgun/templates/tpl_env_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/capacity/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_delete.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_popover.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_rename.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_reset.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/actions_update.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/add_nodes_screen.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/assign_roles_panel.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/cluster_release_info.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/customization_message.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/delete_nodes_panel.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/deployment_control.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/deployment_result.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/edit_node_disks.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/edit_node_interfaces.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/edit_nodes_screen.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/healthcheck_credentials.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/healthcheck_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/healthcheck_testset.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/healthcheck_tests.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/log_entry.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/logs_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/networking_parameters.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network_tab_summary.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/network_tab_view.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/neutron_parameters.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/new-node.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_disk.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_group.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_interface.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_interface_networks.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_interfaces.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_roles.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/nodes_filter.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/nodes_management_panel.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/nodes_tab_summary.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/node_status.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/nova_nameservers.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/range_field.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/role_chooser.html
nailgun/static/templates/clusters/cluster.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/settings_group.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/settings_tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/clusters/new.html
nailgun/static/templates/clusters/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/clusters/register_trial.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/tab.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/verify_network_control.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/verify_network_failed.html
nailgun/static/templates/cluster/volume_style.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/breadcrumb.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/footer.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/navbar.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/nodes_stats.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/nodes_stats_popover.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/notifications.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/notifications_popover.html
nailgun/static/templates/common/rhel_credentials.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/add_remove_nodes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/assign_roles.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/base_dialog.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_cluster_mode.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_cluster_type.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_network_mode.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_network_parameters.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_network_settings.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/change_password.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/additional.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/common_wizard_panel.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/compute.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/control_template.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/mode.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/name_and_release.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/network.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/ready.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/storage.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/text_input.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/create_cluster_wizard/warning.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/delete_nodes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/deployment_type_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/discard_changes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/dismiss_settings.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/display_changes.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/error_message.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/node_details.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/node_list.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/predeploy_info.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/remove_cluster.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/reset_environment.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/rhel_credentials.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/rhel_license.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/show_node.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/simple_message.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/stop_deployment.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/update_environment.html
nailgun/static/templates/dialogs/update_interfaces.html
nailgun/static/templates/login/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/notifications/list.html
nailgun/static/templates/release/list.html
nailgun/static/templates/release/release.html
nailgun/static/templates/support/page.html
nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_error.html
nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_running.html
nailgun/static/templates/tasks/base_success.html
>>> fuel-astute/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
docs/_templates/bootstrap/globaltoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/layout.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/localtoc.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/relations.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/searchbox.html
docs/_templates/bootstrap/sourcelink.html
>>> murano-tests/other.txt: 258 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/create.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/index.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/services.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/glazierdashboard/templates/update.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/_login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/auth/login.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/base.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_alert_message.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_loading.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_project_user.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_script_loader.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/template.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/client_side/templates.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_breadcrumb.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_action.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_row.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_data_table_table_actions.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_detail_table.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_form_fields.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal_form.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_modal.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_page_header.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_progress_bar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_quota_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_region_selector.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_resource_browser.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_sidebar_module.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_tab_group.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_usage_summary.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/common/_workflow_step_update_members.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_conf.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_messages.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_nav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/qunit.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_scripts.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/horizon/_subnav_list.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/splash.html
dashboard/horizon/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/edit.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/_index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/extras/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/templates/flavors/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/templates/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/templates/info/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/add_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/create_user.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/quotas.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/_update_members.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/templates/projects/users.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/templates/users/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/create_volume_type.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/_allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/allocate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/floating_ips/associate.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/download.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/_import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/keypairs/import.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/add_rule.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/templates/access_and_security/security_groups/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/copy.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/_upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/templates/containers/upload.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/images/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/templates/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_console.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_log.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_instance_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_customize_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_details_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/launch.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_network_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_launch_volumes_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/templates/instances/_update_networks.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmember.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addmonitor.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addpool.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/addvip.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/details_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_member_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_members_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitor_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_monitors_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pool_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_pools_tab.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/templates/loadbalancers/_vip_details.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_network_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_port_ips.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/ports/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/subnets/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/_update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/templates/networks/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/templates/network_topology/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/templates/overview/usage.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/_setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/templates/routers/ports/setgateway.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/attach.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/create_snapshot.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/detail.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/_detail_overview.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/templates/volumes/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/templates/windc/update.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/_settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/templates/user/settings.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/403.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/404.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/500.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_header.html
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/templates/_stylesheets.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/create.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/index.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/service_details.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/services.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/tabula/templates/update.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create_dc.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/create.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_data_center_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_dc_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_iis_help.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/index.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/_services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/services_tabs.html
dashboard/windc/templates/windc/update.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create_dc.html
tabula/tabula/templates/create.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_data_center_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_dc_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_iis_help.html
tabula/tabula/templates/index.html
tabula/tabula/templates/service_details.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_service_logs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/services.html
tabula/tabula/templates/_services_tabs.html
tabula/tabula/templates/update.html
>>> solum-dashboard/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumdashboard/templates/applications/_create_general_help.html
solumdashboard/templates/applications/_detail.html
solumdashboard/templates/applications/detail.html
solumdashboard/templates/applications/index.html
solumdashboard/templates/applications/_launch_configure_help.html
solumdashboard/templates/applications/launch.html
solumdashboard/templates/assemblies/_detail.html
solumdashboard/templates/assemblies/detail.html
solumdashboard/templates/assemblies/index.html
>>> xstatic-jasmine/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> python-libraclient/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
client/__init__.py
libraclient/__init__.py
libraclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
libraclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
libraclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
libraclient/openstack/__init__.py
libraclient/v1_1/__init__.py
openstack/common/__init__.py
openstack/__init__.py
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
arbiter/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/build/lib/icalendar/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/src/icalendar/__init__.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/__init__.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/__init__.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/lib3/yaml/__init__.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/lib/yaml/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/build/lib/_markerlib/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/_markerlib/__init__.py
>>> oslo.version/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/version/__init__.py
>>> solum/other.txt: 33 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solum/api/controllers/__init__.py
solum/api/controllers/v1/datamodel/__init__.py
solum/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
solum/api/controllers/v1/pub/__init__.py
solum/api/handlers/__init__.py
solum/api/__init__.py
solum/builder/controllers/__init__.py
solum/builder/controllers/v1/__init__.py
solum/builder/handlers/__init__.py
solum/builder/__init__.py
solum/cmd/__init__.py
solum/common/__init__.py
solum/common/rpc/__init__.py
solum/conductor/handlers/__init__.py
solum/conductor/__init__.py
solum/deployer/handlers/__init__.py
solum/deployer/__init__.py
solum/__init__.py
solum/mistral_actions/__init__.py
solum/objects/__init__.py
solum/objects/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
solum/objects/sqlalchemy/migration/alembic_migrations/__init__.py
solum/objects/sqlalchemy/migration/__init__.py
solum/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
solum/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
solum/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
solum/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/migration_cli/__init__.py
solum/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
solum/openstack/common/__init__.py
solum/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
solum/openstack/__init__.py
solum/worker/handlers/__init__.py
solum/worker/__init__.py
>>> blazar/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
blazar/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/cli/simple_read_only/__init__.py
>>> sahara-dashboard/other.txt: 30 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharadashboard/api/__init__.py
saharadashboard/clusters/__init__.py
saharadashboard/clusters/workflows/__init__.py
saharadashboard/data_sources/__init__.py
saharadashboard/data_sources/workflows/__init__.py
saharadashboard/image_registry/__init__.py
saharadashboard/__init__.py
saharadashboard/job_binaries/__init__.py
saharadashboard/job_executions/__init__.py
saharadashboard/jobs/__init__.py
saharadashboard/jobs/workflows/__init__.py
saharadashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
saharadashboard/openstack/__init__.py
saharadashboard/plugins/__init__.py
savannadashboard/api/__init__.py
savannadashboard/clusters/__init__.py
savannadashboard/clusters/workflows/__init__.py
savannadashboard/data_sources/__init__.py
savannadashboard/data_sources/workflows/__init__.py
savannadashboard/image_registry/__init__.py
savannadashboard/__init__.py
savannadashboard/job_binaries/__init__.py
savannadashboard/job_executions/__init__.py
savannadashboard/job_origins/__init__.py
savannadashboard/job_origins/workflows/__init__.py
savannadashboard/jobs/__init__.py
savannadashboard/jobs/workflows/__init__.py
savannadashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
savannadashboard/openstack/__init__.py
savannadashboard/plugins/__init__.py
>>> mistral-dashboard/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
mistraldashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/executions/__init__.py
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/__init__.py
mistraldashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/__init__.py
mistraldashboard/executions/__init__.py
mistraldashboard/__init__.py
mistraldashboard/local/__init__.py
mistraldashboard/workbooks/__init__.py
>>> nova/other.txt: 214 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bzrplugins/novalog/__init__.py
contrib/boto_v6/ec2/__init__.py
contrib/boto_v6/__init__.py
doc/ext/__init__.py
nova/api/cloudpipe/__init__.py
nova/api/ec2/__init__.py
nova/api/__init__.py
nova/api/metadata/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/contrib/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/plugins/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/plugins/v3/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/ratelimiting/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/schemas/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/schemas/v3/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/compute/views/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/contrib/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/incubator/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/incubator/volumes/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/ratelimiting/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/schemas/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/schemas/v1.1/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/v1_0/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/v1_1/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/v2/contrib/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/v2/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/v2/ratelimiting/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/v2/views/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/views/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
nova/api/openstack/volume/views/__init__.py
nova/api/rackspace/controllers/__init__.py
nova/api/rackspace/__init__.py
nova/api/rackspace/ratelimiting/__init__.py
nova/api/services/__init__.py
nova/api/validation/__init__.py
nova/auth/__init__.py
nova/cells/filters/__init__.py
nova/cells/__init__.py
nova/cells/weights/__init__.py
nova/cert/__init__.py
nova/cloudpipe/__init__.py
nova/cmd/__init__.py
nova/common/__init__.py
nova/compat/__init__.py
nova/compute/__init__.py
nova/compute/monitors/__init__.py
nova/compute/monitors/virt/__init__.py
nova/compute/resources/__init__.py
nova/conductor/__init__.py
nova/conductor/tasks/__init__.py
nova/consoleauth/__init__.py
nova/console/__init__.py
nova/db/__init__.py
nova/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
nova/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
nova/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/aws/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/rackspace/controllers/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/rackspace/__init__.py
nova/hacking/__init__.py
nova/image/download/__init__.py
nova/image/__init__.py
nova/image/services/glance/__init__.py
nova/image/services/__init__.py
nova/__init__.py
nova/ipv6/__init__.py
nova/keymgr/__init__.py
nova/locale/__init__.py
nova/network/__init__.py
nova/network/neutronv2/__init__.py
nova/network/quantum/__init__.py
nova/network/quantumv2/__init__.py
nova/network/security_group/__init__.py
nova/notifier/__init__.py
nova/objects/__init__.py
nova/objectstore/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/plugin/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/report/generators/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/report/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/report/models/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/report/views/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/report/views/json/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/report/views/text/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/report/views/xml/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
nova/openstack/__init__.py
nova/pci/__init__.py
nova/rdp/__init__.py
nova/rootwrap/__init__.py
nova/rpc_backends/__init__.py
nova/rpc/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
nova/servicegroup/drivers/__init__.py
nova/servicegroup/__init__.py
nova/spice/__init__.py
nova/storage/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/virt/disk/__init__.py
nova/virt/disk/mount/__init__.py
nova/virt/disk/vfs/__init__.py
nova/virt/docker/__init__.py
nova/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/virt/imagehandler/__init__.py
nova/virt/__init__.py
nova/virt/ironic/__init__.py
nova/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
nova/virt/powervm/__init__.py
nova/virt/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/virt/xapi/__init__.py
nova/virt/xenapi/client/__init__.py
nova/virt/xenapi/image/__init__.py
nova/virt/xenapi/imageupload/__init__.py
nova/virt/xenapi/__init__.py
nova/vnc/__init__.py
nova/volume/encryptors/__init__.py
nova/volume/__init__.py
nova/volume/nexenta/__init__.py
nova/vsa/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/client_0_8/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/__init__.py
vendor/anyjson/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/cloudfront/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/contrib/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/autoscale/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/cloudwatch/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/elb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/emr/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/fps/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/manage/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mapreduce/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mashups/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mturk/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/ubuntu/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/rds/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/s3/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/manager/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/persist/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/services/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sns/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sqs/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/vpc/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/backends/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/__init__.py
vendor/lockfile/lockfile/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/version/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/redis/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/tornado/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/extensions/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/application/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/client/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/insults/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/openssh_compat/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ssh/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/cred/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/enterprise/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/journal/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/plugins/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/gps/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/mice/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/tap/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/_auth/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/im/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/jabber/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/xish/__init__.py
>>> tomograph/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tomograph/backends/__init__.py
tomograph/backends/log/__init__.py
tomograph/backends/statsd/__init__.py
tomograph/backends/zipkin/generated/__init__.py
tomograph/backends/zipkin/generated/scribe/__init__.py
tomograph/backends/zipkin/generated/zipkinCore/__init__.py
tomograph/backends/zipkin/__init__.py
tomograph/__init__.py
>>> stackalytics/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/__init__.py
stackalytics/dashboard/__init__.py
stackalytics/__init__.py
stackalytics/openstack/common/__init__.py
stackalytics/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
stackalytics/openstack/__init__.py
stackalytics/processor/__init__.py
>>> git-upstream/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ghp/commands/__init__.py
ghp/__init__.py
ghp/lib/__init__.py
git_upstream/commands/__init__.py
git_upstream/__init__.py
git_upstream/lib/__init__.py
>>> oslo.rootwrap/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/rootwrap/__init__.py
>>> python-designateclient/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
designateclient/cli/__init__.py
designateclient/__init__.py
designateclient/v1/__init__.py
monikerclient/cli/__init__.py
monikerclient/__init__.py
monikerclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
monikerclient/openstack/__init__.py
monikerclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> congress/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congress/api/__init__.py
congress/common/__init__.py
congress/datasources/__init__.py
congress/dse/__init__.py
congress/__init__.py
congress/openstack/common/__init__.py
congress/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
congress/openstack/__init__.py
congress/policy/builtin/__init__.py
congress/policy/__init__.py
congress/server/__init__.py
congress/server/service_pluggins/__init__.py
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python3/antlr3/__init__.py
outside/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python/antlr3/__init__.py
outside/antlr3/__init__.py
src/policy/__init__.py
src/server/__init__.py
thirdparty/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python3/antlr3/__init__.py
thirdparty/antlr3-antlr-3.5/runtime/Python/antlr3/__init__.py
thirdparty/antlr3/__init__.py
>>> git-review/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
git_review/__init__.py
>>> horizon/other.txt: 279 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/management/commands/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/management/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/templatetags/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/urls/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/views/__init__.py
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/__init__.py
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/auth/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/dash/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/middleware/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/syspanel/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/templatetags/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/auth/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/core/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/dash/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/management/commands/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/management/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/middleware/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/urls/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/syspanel/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templatetags/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/urls/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/views/__init__.py
horizon/api/__init__.py
horizon/browsers/__init__.py
horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
horizon/conf/__init__.py
horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/quotas/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/services/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/project/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/quotas/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/services/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/forms/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/api/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/overview/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/regions/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/project/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/tenant/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/instances/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/overview/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/quotas/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/services/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/tenants/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/forms/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tables/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/usage/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/views/__init__.py
horizon/__init__.py
horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
horizon/management/__init__.py
horizon/openstack/common/__init__.py
horizon/openstack/__init__.py
horizon/tables/__init__.py
horizon/tabs/__init__.py
horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
horizon/usage/__init__.py
horizon/views/__init__.py
horizon/workflows/__init__.py
local/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/defaults/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/domains/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/hypervisors/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/properties/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/metering/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/agents/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/quotas/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/extensions/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/extensions/routerrules/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/services/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/extras/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/volumes/extras/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/volumes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/domains/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/groups/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/projects/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/roles/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/identity/users/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/database_backups/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/database_backups/workflows/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/databases/workflows/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/clusters/workflows/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_image_registry/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_plugins/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/data_sources/workflows/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_binaries/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/job_executions/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/data_processing/jobs/workflows/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/firewalls/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/images/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images/snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/instances/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/routers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/extensions/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/extensions/routerrules/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/backups/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/volumes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/vpn/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/router/nexus1000v/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/ec2/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/password/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/project/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/enabled/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/local/enabled/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
openstack-dashboard/local/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/management/commands/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/management/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-bootstrap-datepicker/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/bootstrap_datepicker/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-jsencrypt/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/jsencrypt/__init__.py
>>> murano-common/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
muranocommon/helpers/__init__.py
muranocommon/__init__.py
muranocommon/messaging/__init__.py
>>> pycadf/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/ext/__init__.py
pycadf/audit/__init__.py
pycadf/__init__.py
pycadf/middleware/__init__.py
pycadf/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
pycadf/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
pycadf/openstack/common/__init__.py
pycadf/openstack/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-hogan/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/hogan/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> gnocchi/other.txt: 10 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gnocchi/indexer/__init__.py
gnocchi/__init__.py
gnocchi/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
gnocchi/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
gnocchi/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
gnocchi/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
gnocchi/openstack/common/__init__.py
gnocchi/openstack/__init__.py
gnocchi/rest/__init__.py
gnocchi/storage/__init__.py
>>> fuel-provision/other.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
galloper/agent/__init__.py
galloper/api/__init__.py
galloper/cli/__init__.py
galloper/cli/v1/__init__.py
galloper/cmd/__init__.py
galloper/common/__init__.py
galloper/db/__init__.py
galloper/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
galloper/driver/__init__.py
galloper/__init__.py
galloper/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
galloper/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
galloper/openstack/common/__init__.py
galloper/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
galloper/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
galloper/openstack/__init__.py
>>> askbot-theme/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
__init__.py
>>> lodgeit/other.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
django_version/pastebin/__init__.py
django_version/pastebin/pastes/__init__.py
django_version/pastebin/static/__init__.py
django_version/pastebin/xmlrpc/__init__.py
lodgeit/controllers/__init__.py
lodgeit/i18n/__init__.py
lodgeit/__init__.py
lodgeit/lib/__init__.py
pastebin/__init__.py
pastebin/pastes/__init__.py
pastebin/static/__init__.py
pastebin/xmlrpc/__init__.py
>>> oslo.messaging/other.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/common/messaging/_drivers/__init__.py
openstack/common/messaging/drivers/__init__.py
openstack/common/messaging/_executors/__init__.py
openstack/common/messaging/executors/__init__.py
openstack/common/messaging/__init__.py
openstack/common/messaging/notify/__init__.py
openstack/common/messaging/rpc/__init__.py
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/_cmd/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/_drivers/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/_executors/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/notify/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/openstack/common/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/openstack/__init__.py
oslo/messaging/rpc/__init__.py
>>> gerrit-dash-creator/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerrit_dash_creator/cmd/__init__.py
gerrit_dash_creator/__init__.py
>>> refstack/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
__init__.py
refstack/common/__init__.py
refstack/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-bootstrap-scss/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/bootstrap_scss/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> swift-bench/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swiftbench/__init__.py
>>> python-glanceclient/other.txt: 10 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glanceclient/common/__init__.py
glanceclient/generic/__init__.py
glanceclient/__init__.py
glanceclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
glanceclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
glanceclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
glanceclient/openstack/__init__.py
glanceclient/v1_1/__init__.py
glanceclient/v1/__init__.py
glanceclient/v2/__init__.py
>>> oslotest/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/__init__.py
>>> statusbot/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
statusbot/__init__.py
statusbot/openstack/common/__init__.py
statusbot/openstack/__init__.py
>>> gerrit/other.txt: 123 bladfafhafadfa.txt
webapp/codereview/__init__.py
webapp/codereview/internal/__init__.py
webapp/django/bin/__init__.py
webapp/django/bin/profiling/__init__.py
webapp/django/conf/app_template/__init__.py
webapp/django/conf/__init__.py
webapp/django/conf/project_template/__init__.py
webapp/django/conf/urls/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/admindocs/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/admin/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/admin/templatetags/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/admin/views/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/auth/handlers/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/auth/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/auth/management/commands/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/auth/management/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/comments/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/comments/templatetags/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/comments/urls/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/comments/views/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/contenttypes/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/csrf/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/databrowse/plugins/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/flatpages/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/admin/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/backend/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/backend/mysql/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/backend/oracle/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/backend/postgis/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/models/fields/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/models/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/db/models/sql/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/forms/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/gdal/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/gdal/prototypes/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/geos/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/geos/prototypes/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/management/commands/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/management/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/maps/google/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/maps/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/maps/openlayers/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/sitemaps/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/humanize/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/humanize/templatetags/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/ar/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/at/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/au/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/br/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/ca/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/ch/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/cl/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/de/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/es/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/fi/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/fr/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/generic/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/in_/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/is_/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/it/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/jp/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/mx/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/nl/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/no/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/pe/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/pl/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/ro/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/sk/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/uk/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/us/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/localflavor/za/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/markup/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/markup/templatetags/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/redirects/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/sessions/backends/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/sessions/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/sitemaps/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/sitemaps/management/commands/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/sitemaps/management/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/sites/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/syndication/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/webdesign/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/webdesign/templatetags/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/cache/backends/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/cache/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/files/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/handlers/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/management/commands/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/management/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/serializers/__init__.py
webapp/django/core/servers/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/backends/dummy/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/backends/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/backends/mysql/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/backends/oracle/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/backends/postgresql/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/backends/postgresql_psycopg2/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/backends/sqlite3/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/models/fields/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/models/__init__.py
webapp/django/db/models/sql/__init__.py
webapp/django/dispatch/__init__.py
webapp/django/forms/extras/__init__.py
webapp/django/forms/__init__.py
webapp/django/http/__init__.py
webapp/django/__init__.py
webapp/django/middleware/__init__.py
webapp/django/oldforms/__init__.py
webapp/django/shortcuts/__init__.py
webapp/django/template/__init__.py
webapp/django/template/loaders/__init__.py
webapp/django/templatetags/__init__.py
webapp/django/views/decorators/__init__.py
webapp/django/views/generic/__init__.py
webapp/django/views/__init__.py
webapp/__init__.py
>>> python-melangeclient/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
melange_client/__init__.py
melange/client/__init__.py
melange/client/openstack/common/__init__.py
melange/client/openstack/__init__.py
melange_client/views/helpers/__init__.py
melange/client/views/helpers/__init__.py
melange_client/views/__init__.py
melange/client/views/__init__.py
melange/__init__.py
>>> identity-api/other.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/admin/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/admin/osec2/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/admin/osksadm/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/admin/oskscatalog/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/admin/raxkey/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/service/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/service/osec2/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/service/raxgrp/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/service/raxkey/__init__.py
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/__init__.py
>>> neutron/other.txt: 323 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/__init__.py
cisco_extensions/__init__.py
client/lib/__init__.py
client/lib/quantum/__init__.py
common/lib/__init__.py
common/lib/quantum/common/__init__.py
common/lib/quantum/__init__.py
doc/__init__.py
doc/source/__init__.py
extensions/__init__.py
neutron/agent/common/__init__.py
neutron/agent/__init__.py
neutron/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/agent/metadata/__init__.py
neutron/api/__init__.py
neutron/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/api/rpc/handlers/__init__.py
neutron/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/api/v2/__init__.py
neutron/api/views/__init__.py
neutron/cmd/__init__.py
neutron/cmd/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/common/__init__.py
neutron/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/db/__init__.py
neutron/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/db/migration/alembic_migrations/__init__.py
neutron/db/migration/__init__.py
neutron/db/migration/models/__init__.py
neutron/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/debug/__init__.py
neutron/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/hacking/__init__.py
neutron/__init__.py
neutron/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/cache/_backends/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/cache/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/brocade/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/brocade/nos/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/cfg_agent/device_drivers/csr1kv/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/cfg_agent/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/cfg_agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/cfg_agent/service_helpers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/models/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/agent/operations/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/l2base/fake/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/l2base/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/l2base/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/plugins/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/hyperv/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/hyperv/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ibm/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ibm/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/metaplugin/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/midonet/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/midonet/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/arista/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/brocade/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/brocade/nos/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/l2pop/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/mech_arista/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/mech_bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/mech_sriov/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/api_client/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/dbexts/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/dhcp_meta/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/shell/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/vshield/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/vshield/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nicira/vshield/tasks/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nuage/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nuage/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ofagent/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ofagent/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/oneconvergence/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/oneconvergence/lib/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/opencontrail/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/opencontrail/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/openvswitch/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/openvswitch/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/plumgrid_nos_plugin/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/plumgrid_plugin/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/sriovnicagent/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/sriovnicagent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/api_client/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/dbexts/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/dhcp_meta/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/plugins/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/shell/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/vshield/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/vshield/tasks/__init__.py
neutron/rootwrap/__init__.py
neutron/scheduler/__init__.py
neutron/server/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/services/__init__.py
neutron/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/common/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/agent/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/logging_noop/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/noop/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/agents/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/drivers/iptables/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/drivers/noop/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/common/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/common/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/db/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/models/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/nova/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/segmentation/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/ucs/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/openvswitch/__init__.py
plugins/sample-plugin/lib/__init__.py
plugins/sample-plugin/lib/quantum/__init__.py
plugins/sample-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/__init__.py
quantum/agent/common/__init__.py
quantum/agent/__init__.py
quantum/agent/linux/__init__.py
quantum/agent/metadata/__init__.py
quantum/api/__init__.py
quantum/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
quantum/api/rpc/__init__.py
quantum/api/v2/__init__.py
quantum/api/views/__init__.py
quantum/client/__init__.py
quantum/common/__init__.py
quantum/db/__init__.py
quantum/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/db/migration/alembic_migrations/__init__.py
quantum/db/migration/__init__.py
quantum/debug/__init__.py
quantum/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/__init__.py
quantum/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
quantum/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
quantum/openstack/common/__init__.py
quantum/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
quantum/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
quantum/openstack/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/bigswitch/db/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/bigswitch/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/bigswitch/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/brocade/db/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/brocade/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/brocade/nos/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/client/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/db/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/models/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/nova/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/segmentation/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/services/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/ucs/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/hyperv/agent/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/hyperv/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/hyperv/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/agent/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/db/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/nova/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/midonet/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ml2/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/mlnx/agent/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/mlnx/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/mlnx/db/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/mlnx/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/agent/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/db/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/drivers/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/api_client/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/dbexts/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/nicira_nvp_plugin/api_client/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/nicira_nvp_plugin/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/nicira_nvp_plugin/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/nicira_nvp_plugin/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/agent/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/plumgrid/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/plumgrid/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/plumgrid/plumgrid_nos_plugin/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/agent/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/common/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/db/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/nova/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/sample/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/agent_loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/agent_loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/agent_loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/agent_loadbalancer/drivers/noop/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/agent_loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/dummy/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/rootwrap/__init__.py
quantum/scheduler/__init__.py
quantum/server/__init__.py
quantum/services/__init__.py
quantum/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
quantum/services/loadbalancer/drivers/noop/__init__.py
quantum/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
server/lib/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/api/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/api/views/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/db/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/extensions/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/__init__.py
>>> storyboard/other.txt: 27 bladfafhafadfa.txt
about/__init__.py
projects/__init__.py
stories/__init__.py
stories/templatetags/__init__.py
storyboard/about/__init__.py
storyboard/api/auth/__init__.py
storyboard/api/auth/token_storage/__init__.py
storyboard/api/__init__.py
storyboard/api/middleware/__init__.py
storyboard/api/v1/__init__.py
storyboard/api/v1/search/__init__.py
storyboard/common/__init__.py
storyboard/db/api/__init__.py
storyboard/db/__init__.py
storyboard/db/migration/alembic_migrations/__init__.py
storyboard/db/migration/__init__.py
storyboard/__init__.py
storyboard/notifications/__init__.py
storyboard/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
storyboard/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
storyboard/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
storyboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
storyboard/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
storyboard/openstack/__init__.py
storyboard/projects/__init__.py
storyboard/stories/__init__.py
storyboard/stories/templatetags/__init__.py
>>> python-ceilometerclient/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometerclient/common/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/openstack/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/v1/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/v2/__init__.py
>>> requests-mock/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
requests_mock/contrib/__init__.py
requests_mock/__init__.py
>>> bindep/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bindep/__init__.py
>>> config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
modules/jenkins_jobs/files/modules/__init__.py
>>> monasca-notification/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monasca_notification/__init__.py
monasca_notification/processors/__init__.py
mon_notification/__init__.py
mon-notification/__init__.py
mon_notification/processors/__init__.py
mon-notification/processors/__init__.py
notifications/__init__.py
processors/__init__.py
>>> os-loganalyze/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_loganalyze/cmd/__init__.py
os_loganalyze/__init__.py
os_loganalyze/wsgi/__init__.py
>>> novaimagebuilder/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
imagebuilder/api/controllers/__init__.py
imagebuilder/api/controllers/osib/__init__.py
imagebuilder/api/controllers/osib/v1/__init__.py
imagebuilder/api/__init__.py
imagebuilder/__init__.py
imagebuilder/openstack/common/__init__.py
imagebuilder/openstack/__init__.py
novaimagebuilder/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tripleo-specs/__init__.py
>>> python-ironicclient/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironicclient/common/__init__.py
ironicclient/__init__.py
ironicclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
ironicclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
ironicclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
ironicclient/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
ironicclient/openstack/__init__.py
ironicclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> swift3/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swift3/controllers/__init__.py
swift3/__init__.py
>>> python-openstackclient/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstackclient/common/__init__.py
openstackclient/compute/__init__.py
openstackclient/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/identity/__init__.py
openstackclient/identity/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/identity/v3/__init__.py
openstackclient/image/__init__.py
openstackclient/image/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/image/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/__init__.py
openstackclient/network/__init__.py
openstackclient/network/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/network/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/object/__init__.py
openstackclient/object/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/object/v1/lib/__init__.py
openstackclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
openstackclient/openstack/__init__.py
openstackclient/volume/__init__.py
openstackclient/volume/v1/__init__.py
>>> swiftpolicy/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swiftpolicy/__init__.py
swiftpolicy/openstack/common/__init__.py
swiftpolicy/openstack/__init__.py
>>> python-blazarclient/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
climateclient/__init__.py
climateclient/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
climateclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
climateclient/openstack/__init__.py
climateclient/v1/__init__.py
climateclient/v1/shell_commands/__init__.py
>>> zaqar/other.txt: 76 bladfafhafadfa.txt
lib/__init__.py
marconi/bench/__init__.py
marconi/bin/__init__.py
marconi/cmd/__init__.py
marconi/common/cache/_backends/__init__.py
marconi/common/cache/__init__.py
marconi/common/__init__.py
marconi/common/schemas/__init__.py
marconi/common/storage/__init__.py
marconi/common/transport/__init__.py
marconi/common/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/__init__.py
marconi/openstack/common/cache/_backends/__init__.py
marconi/openstack/common/cache/__init__.py
marconi/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
marconi/openstack/common/__init__.py
marconi/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
marconi/openstack/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/admin/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/public/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/resources/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/storage/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/storage/memory/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/storage/mongodb/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/transport/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/transport/wsgi/admin/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/proxy/transport/wsgi/public/__init__.py
marconi/queues/api/__init__.py
marconi/queues/api/v1_1/__init__.py
marconi/queues/api/v1/__init__.py
marconi/queues/__init__.py
marconi/queues/storage/__init__.py
marconi/queues/storage/mongodb/__init__.py
marconi/queues/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
marconi/queues/storage/sqlite/__init__.py
marconi/queues/transport/__init__.py
marconi/queues/transport/wsgi/admin/__init__.py
marconi/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/queues/transport/wsgi/public/__init__.py
marconi/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_0/__init__.py
marconi/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
marconi/queues/transport/zmq/__init__.py
marconi/storage/__init__.py
marconi/storage/mongodb/__init__.py
marconi/storage/reference/__init__.py
marconi/storage/sqlite/__init__.py
marconi/transport/__init__.py
marconi/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/transport/zmq/__init__.py
zaqar/bench/__init__.py
zaqar/cmd/__init__.py
zaqar/common/__init__.py
zaqar/common/schemas/__init__.py
zaqar/common/storage/__init__.py
zaqar/common/transport/__init__.py
zaqar/common/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/__init__.py
zaqar/openstack/common/cache/_backends/__init__.py
zaqar/openstack/common/cache/__init__.py
zaqar/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
zaqar/openstack/common/__init__.py
zaqar/openstack/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/api/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/api/v1_1/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/api/v1/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/storage/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/storage/mongodb/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/transport/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_0/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
zaqar/queues/transport/zmq/__init__.py
>>> warm/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
warm/components/__init__.py
warm/__init__.py
warm/openstack/common/__init__.py
warm/openstack/__init__.py
>>> heat/other.txt: 81 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/docker/docker/__init__.py
contrib/docker/docker/resources/__init__.py
contrib/docker/__init__.py
contrib/docker_plugin/__init__.py
contrib/docker-plugin/__init__.py
contrib/docker-plugin/plugin/__init__.py
contrib/docker_plugin/resources/__init__.py
contrib/docker/resources/__init__.py
contrib/extraroute/extraroute/__init__.py
contrib/extraroute/extraroute/resources/__init__.py
contrib/heat_keystoneclient_v2/heat_keystoneclient_v2/__init__.py
contrib/heat_marconi/heat_marconi/__init__.py
contrib/heat_marconi/heat_marconi/resources/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/marconi/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/marconi/resources/__init__.py
contrib/marconi-plugin/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/plugin/__init__.py
contrib/marconi-plugin/plugin/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/resources/__init__.py
contrib/nova_flavor/nova_flavor/__init__.py
contrib/nova_flavor/nova_flavor/resources/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/heat/engine/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/heat/engine/plugins/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/heat/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/rackspace/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/rackspace/resources/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/resources/__init__.py
doc/source/ext/__init__.py
heat/api/aws/__init__.py
heat/api/cfn/__init__.py
heat/api/cfn/v1/__init__.py
heat/api/cloudwatch/__init__.py
heat/api/__init__.py
heat/api/middleware/__init__.py
heat/api/openstack/__init__.py
heat/api/openstack/v1/__init__.py
heat/api/openstack/v1/views/__init__.py
heat/api/v1/__init__.py
heat/cfn_client/__init__.py
heat/cloudinit/__init__.py
heat/cmd/__init__.py
heat/common/__init__.py
heat/db/anydbm/__init__.py
heat/db/__init__.py
heat/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
heat/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
heat/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
heat/doc/__init__.py
heat/engine/api/__init__.py
heat/engine/api/v1/__init__.py
heat/engine/cfn/__init__.py
heat/engine/clients/__init__.py
heat/engine/clients/os/__init__.py
heat/engine/hot/__init__.py
heat/engine/__init__.py
heat/engine/notification/__init__.py
heat/engine/resources/ceilometer/__init__.py
heat/engine/resources/__init__.py
heat/engine/resources/neutron/__init__.py
heat/engine/resources/quantum/__init__.py
heat/engine/resources/rackspace/__init__.py
heat/engine/resources/software_config/__init__.py
heat/__init__.py
heat/metadata/api/__init__.py
heat/metadata/api/v1/__init__.py
heat/metadata/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
heat/openstack/__init__.py
heat/rpc/__init__.py
heat/scaling/__init__.py
>>> ospurge/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ospurge/__init__.py
>>> python-keystoneclient/other.txt: 25 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/ext/__init__.py
keystoneclient/apiclient/__init__.py
keystoneclient/auth/identity/__init__.py
keystoneclient/auth/__init__.py
keystoneclient/common/__init__.py
keystoneclient/contrib/auth/__init__.py
keystoneclient/contrib/auth/v3/__init__.py
keystoneclient/contrib/bootstrap/__init__.py
keystoneclient/contrib/ec2/__init__.py
keystoneclient/contrib/__init__.py
keystoneclient/contrib/revoke/__init__.py
keystoneclient/fixture/__init__.py
keystoneclient/generic/__init__.py
keystoneclient/__init__.py
keystoneclient/middleware/__init__.py
keystoneclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
keystoneclient/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
keystoneclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
keystoneclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
keystoneclient/openstack/__init__.py
keystoneclient/v2_0/__init__.py
keystoneclient/v3/contrib/federation/__init__.py
keystoneclient/v3/contrib/__init__.py
keystoneclient/v3/contrib/oauth1/__init__.py
keystoneclient/v3/__init__.py
>>> rubick/other.txt: 32 bladfafhafadfa.txt
joker/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/joker/__init__.py
joker/__init__.py
joker/joker/__init__.py
ostack_validator/config_formats/__init__.py
ostack_validator/__init__.py
ostack_validator/inspections/__init__.py
ostack_validator/schemas/cinder/__init__.py
ostack_validator/schemas/__init__.py
ostack_validator/schemas/keystone/__init__.py
ostack_validator/schemas/nova/__init__.py
rubick/config_formats/__init__.py
rubick/__init__.py
rubick/inspections/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/cinder/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/glance_api/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/glance/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/glance_registry/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/keystone/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/neutron_dhcp_agent/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/neutron/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/neutron_l3_agent/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/neutron_metadata_agent/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/neutron_openvswitch_agent/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/neutron_server/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/nova/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/rabbitmq/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/swift_account_server/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/swift_container_server/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/swift/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/swift_object_server/__init__.py
rubick/schemas/swift_proxy_server/__init__.py
>>> gertty/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gertty/__init__.py
gertty/search/__init__.py
gertty/view/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-d3/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/d3/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> python-jenkins/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jenkins/__init__.py
>>> python-magnetodbclient/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magnetodbclient/common/__init__.py
magnetodbclient/__init__.py
magnetodbclient/magnetodb/__init__.py
magnetodbclient/magnetodb/v1/__init__.py
magnetodbclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
magnetodbclient/openstack/__init__.py
magnetodbclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> python-zaqarclient/other.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
marconiclient/auth/__init__.py
marconiclient/common/apiclient/auth/__init__.py
marconiclient/common/apiclient/__init__.py
marconiclient/common/__init__.py
marconiclient/__init__.py
marconiclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
marconiclient/openstack/__init__.py
marconiclient/queues/__init__.py
marconiclient/queues/transport/http/__init__.py
marconiclient/queues/transport/__init__.py
marconiclient/queues/transport/zmq/__init__.py
marconiclient/queues/v1/__init__.py
marconiclient/transport/http/__init__.py
marconiclient/transport/__init__.py
marconiclient/transport/zmq/__init__.py
zaqarclient/auth/__init__.py
zaqarclient/common/__init__.py
zaqarclient/__init__.py
zaqarclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
zaqarclient/openstack/__init__.py
zaqarclient/queues/__init__.py
zaqarclient/queues/v1/__init__.py
zaqarclient/transport/__init__.py
>>> oslo.i18n/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/i18n/__init__.py
oslo/__init__.py
>>> python-muranoclient/other.txt: 143 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
glazierclient/common/__init__.py
glazierclient/__init__.py
glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
muranoclient/common/__init__.py
muranoclient/__init__.py
muranoclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
muranoclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
muranoclient/openstack/__init__.py
muranoclient/v1/__init__.py
muranoclient/v1/package_creator/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-angular-mock/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/angular_mock/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> turbo-hipster/other.txt: 10 bladfafhafadfa.txt
lib/__init__.py
task_plugins/gate_real_db_upgrade/__init__.py
task_plugins/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/cmd/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/lib/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/task_plugins/gate_real_db_upgrade/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/task_plugins/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/task_plugins/jjb_runner/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/task_plugins/real_db_upgrade/__init__.py
>>> pbr/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/packaging/extern/__init__.py
oslo/packaging/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/extern/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/__init__.py
pbr/hooks/__init__.py
pbr/__init__.py
>>> murano-metadataclient/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadataclient/common/__init__.py
metadataclient/__init__.py
metadataclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
metadataclient/openstack/__init__.py
metadataclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> python-ganttclient/other.txt: 94 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bzrplugins/novalog/__init__.py
ganttclient/__init__.py
ganttclient/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/auth/__init__.py
nova/common/__init__.py
nova/compat/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/aws/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/rackspace/controllers/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/rackspace/__init__.py
nova/notifier/__init__.py
nova/rootwrap/__init__.py
nova/rpc_backends/__init__.py
nova/rpc/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/vsa/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/client_0_8/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/__init__.py
vendor/anyjson/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/cloudfront/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/contrib/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/autoscale/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/cloudwatch/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/elb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/emr/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/fps/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/manage/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mapreduce/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mashups/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mturk/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/ubuntu/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/rds/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/s3/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/manager/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/persist/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/services/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sns/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sqs/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/vpc/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/backends/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/__init__.py
vendor/lockfile/lockfile/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/version/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/redis/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/tornado/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/extensions/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/application/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/client/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/insults/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/openssh_compat/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ssh/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/cred/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/enterprise/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/journal/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/plugins/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/gps/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/mice/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/tap/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/_auth/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/im/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/jabber/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/xish/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-rickshaw/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/rickshaw/__init__.py
>>> tempest/other.txt: 142 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cli/__init__.py
cli/simple_read_only/__init__.py
kong/common/__init__.py
kong/__init__.py
storm/common/__init__.py
storm/__init__.py
storm/services/__init__.py
storm/services/nova/__init__.py
storm/services/nova/json/__init__.py
storm/services/nova/xml/__init__.py
stress/__init__.py
tempest/api/baremetal/admin/__init__.py
tempest/api/baremetal/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/admin/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/api_schema/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/api_schema/v2/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/certificates/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/flavors/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/floating_ips/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/images/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/keypairs/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/limits/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/security_groups/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/servers/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v2/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/admin/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/certificates/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/flavors/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/images/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/keypairs/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/servers/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/v3/volumes/__init__.py
tempest/api/compute/volumes/__init__.py
tempest/api/database/flavors/__init__.py
tempest/api/database/__init__.py
tempest/api/database/versions/__init__.py
tempest/api/data_processing/__init__.py
tempest/api/identity/admin/__init__.py
tempest/api/identity/admin/v3/__init__.py
tempest/api/identity/__init__.py
tempest/api/image/__init__.py
tempest/api/image/v1/__init__.py
tempest/api/image/v2/__init__.py
tempest/api/__init__.py
tempest/api/network/admin/__init__.py
tempest/api/network/__init__.py
tempest/api/object_storage/__init__.py
tempest/api/orchestration/__init__.py
tempest/api/orchestration/stacks/__init__.py
tempest/api/queuing/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/compute/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/compute/v2/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/compute/v3/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/queuing/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/queuing/v1/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/request/compute/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/request/compute/v2/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/request/compute/v3/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/request/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/response/compute/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/response/compute/v2/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/response/compute/v3/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/response/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/response/queuing/__init__.py
tempest/api_schema/response/queuing/v1/__init__.py
tempest/api/telemetry/__init__.py
tempest/api/volume/admin/__init__.py
tempest/api/volume/__init__.py
tempest/api/volume/v2/__init__.py
tempest/cli/__init__.py
tempest/cli/simple_read_only/__init__.py
tempest/cmd/__init__.py
tempest/common/generator/__init__.py
tempest/common/__init__.py
tempest/exceptions/__init__.py
tempest/hacking/__init__.py
tempest/__init__.py
tempest/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
tempest/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
tempest/openstack/common/__init__.py
tempest/openstack/__init__.py
tempest/scenario/__init__.py
tempest/scenario/orchestration/__init__.py
tempest/services/baremetal/__init__.py
tempest/services/baremetal/v1/__init__.py
tempest/services/boto/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/admin/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/admin/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/admin/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/v3/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/v3/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/v3/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/compute/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/database/__init__.py
tempest/services/database/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/data_processing/__init__.py
tempest/services/data_processing/v1_1/__init__.py
tempest/services/identity/__init__.py
tempest/services/identity/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/identity/v3/__init__.py
tempest/services/identity/v3/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/identity/v3/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/identity/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/image/__init__.py
tempest/services/image/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/image/v1/__init__.py
tempest/services/image/v1/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/image/v2/__init__.py
tempest/services/image/v2/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/__init__.py
tempest/services/network/__init__.py
tempest/services/network/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/network/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/nova/__init__.py
tempest/services/nova/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/nova/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/object_storage/__init__.py
tempest/services/orchestration/__init__.py
tempest/services/orchestration/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/queuing/__init__.py
tempest/services/queuing/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/telemetry/__init__.py
tempest/services/telemetry/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/telemetry/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/json/admin/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/v2/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/v2/json/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/v2/xml/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/xml/admin/__init__.py
tempest/services/volume/xml/__init__.py
tempest/stress/actions/__init__.py
tempest/stress/__init__.py
tempest/thirdparty/boto/__init__.py
tempest/thirdparty/__init__.py
tempest/whitebox/__init__.py
>>> doc8/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc8/__init__.py
>>> python-mistralclient/other.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/mistral/executions/__init__.py
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/mistral/__init__.py
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/dashboards/mistral/workbooks/__init__.py
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/__init__.py
horizon_dashboard/demo_dashboard/local/__init__.py
mistralclient/api/__init__.py
mistralclient/commands/__init__.py
mistralclient/__init__.py
mistralclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
mistralclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
mistralclient/openstack/__init__.py
>>> diskimage-builder/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
diskimage_builder/__init__.py
>>> python-manilaclient/other.txt: 349 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/distutils/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v1/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v1/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v2/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v2/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/_markerlib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/backwardcompat/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/commands/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vcs/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/filters/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/serializer/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treebuilders/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treewalkers/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/trie/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/charade/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/ssl_match_hostname/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/coverage/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/languages/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/parsers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/directives/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/languages/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/readers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/transforms/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/utils/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/utils/math/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/writers/html4css1/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/writers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/writers/latex2e/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/writers/odf_odt/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/writers/pep_html/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/writers/s5_html/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/docutils/writers/xetex/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/extras/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/v1/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/v1/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/v2/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/v2/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/_markerlib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/markupsafe/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/backwardcompat/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vcs/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/filters/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/serializer/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treebuilders/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treewalkers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/trie/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip/vendor/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pygments/filters/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pygments/formatters/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pygments/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pygments/lexers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pygments/styles/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/requests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/requests/packages/charade/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/requests/packages/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/ssl_match_hostname/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/simplejson/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/builders/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/directives/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/domains/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/ext/autosummary/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/ext/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/locale/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/pycode/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/pycode/pgen2/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/search/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/util/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/search/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/storage/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/writers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/subunit/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/matchers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/testresult/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/distutils/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/coverage/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/languages/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/directives/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/languages/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/readers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/transforms/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/utils/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/utils/math/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/html4css1/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/latex2e/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/odf_odt/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/pep_html/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/s5_html/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/xetex/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v1/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v1/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v2/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/v2/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/_markerlib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/markupsafe/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/backwardcompat/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vcs/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/filters/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/serializer/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treebuilders/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treewalkers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/trie/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/filters/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/formatters/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/lexers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/styles/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/charade/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/contrib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/ssl_match_hostname/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/builders/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/directives/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/domains/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/ext/autosummary/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/ext/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/locale/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/pycode/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/pycode/pgen2/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/search/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/util/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/search/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/storage/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/writers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/matchers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/testresult/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/distutils/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/coverage/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/languages/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/directives/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/parsers/rst/languages/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/readers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/transforms/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/utils/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/utils/math/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/html4css1/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/latex2e/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/odf_odt/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/pep_html/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/s5_html/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/docutils/writers/xetex/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/_fixtures/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/_markerlib/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/markupsafe/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/backwardcompat/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/commands/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vcs/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/_backport/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/distlib/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/filters/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/serializer/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treebuilders/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/treewalkers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/html5lib/trie/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pip/vendor/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/filters/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/formatters/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/lexers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/pygments/styles/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/charade/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/contrib/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/requests/packages/urllib3/packages/ssl_match_hostname/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/builders/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/directives/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/domains/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/ext/autosummary/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/ext/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/locale/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/pycode/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/pycode/pgen2/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/search/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/util/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/search/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/websupport/storage/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/writers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/arguments/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/commands/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/repository/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/ui/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/matchers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/testresult/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
cinderclient/__init__.py
cinderclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
cinderclient/openstack/__init__.py
cinderclient/v1/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/v1/__init__.py
cinderclient/v2/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/v2/__init__.py
__init__.py
manilaclient/__init__.py
manilaclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
manilaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
manilaclient/openstack/__init__.py
manilaclient/v1/contrib/__init__.py
manilaclient/v1/__init__.py
manilaclient/v2/contrib/__init__.py
manilaclient/v2/__init__.py
setuptools_git-1.0-py2.7.egg/setuptools_git/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf/other.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel/common/__init__.py
fuel_health/common/__init__.py
fuel_health/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/compute/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/compute/json/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/identity/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/identity/json/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/network/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/network/json/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/volume/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/volume/json/admin/__init__.py
fuel_health/services/volume/json/__init__.py
fuel/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/bin/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/ostf_adapter/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/ostf_adapter/nose_plugin/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/ostf_adapter/storage/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/ostf_adapter/storage/migrations/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/ostf_adapter/storage/migrations/versions/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/ostf_adapter/wsgi/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/ostf_client/__init__.py
fuel/sanity/__init__.py
fuel/services/compute/__init__.py
fuel/services/compute/json/__init__.py
fuel/services/identity/__init__.py
fuel/services/identity/json/__init__.py
fuel/services/__init__.py
fuel/services/network/__init__.py
fuel/services/network/json/__init__.py
fuel/services/volume/__init__.py
fuel/services/volume/json/admin/__init__.py
fuel/services/volume/json/__init__.py
sanity/etc/__init__.py
sanity/__init__.py
>>> poppy/other.txt: 56 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cdn/cmd/__init__.py
cdn/common/__init__.py
cdn/__init__.py
cdn/manager/base/__init__.py
cdn/manager/default/__init__.py
cdn/manager/__init__.py
cdn/model/helpers/__init__.py
cdn/model/__init__.py
cdn/openstack/common/__init__.py
cdn/openstack/__init__.py
cdn/provider/base/__init__.py
cdn/provider/fastly/__init__.py
cdn/provider/__init__.py
cdn/provider/mock/__init__.py
cdn/provider/sample/__init__.py
cdn/storage/base/__init__.py
cdn/storage/cassandra/__init__.py
cdn/storage/__init__.py
cdn/storage/mockdb/__init__.py
cdn/storage/mongodb/__init__.py
cdn/transport/falcon/__init__.py
cdn/transport/__init__.py
cdn/transport/pecan/controllers/__init__.py
cdn/transport/pecan/hooks/__init__.py
cdn/transport/pecan/__init__.py
cdn/transport/validators/__init__.py
cdn/transport/validators/schemas/__init__.py
cdn/transport/validators/stoplight/__init__.py
cmd/__init__.py
poppy/cmd/__init__.py
poppy/common/__init__.py
poppy/__init__.py
poppy/manager/base/__init__.py
poppy/manager/default/__init__.py
poppy/manager/__init__.py
poppy/model/helpers/__init__.py
poppy/model/__init__.py
poppy/openstack/common/__init__.py
poppy/openstack/__init__.py
poppy/provider/base/__init__.py
poppy/provider/fastly/__init__.py
poppy/provider/__init__.py
poppy/provider/mock/__init__.py
poppy/storage/base/__init__.py
poppy/storage/cassandra/__init__.py
poppy/storage/__init__.py
poppy/storage/mockdb/__init__.py
poppy/storage/mongodb/__init__.py
poppy/transport/falcon/__init__.py
poppy/transport/__init__.py
poppy/transport/pecan/controllers/__init__.py
poppy/transport/pecan/hooks/__init__.py
poppy/transport/pecan/__init__.py
poppy/transport/validators/__init__.py
poppy/transport/validators/schemas/__init__.py
poppy/transport/validators/stoplight/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-image-elements/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
diskimage_builder/__init__.py
elements/__init__.py
elements/os-svc-install/__init__.py
>>> tuskar-ui-extras/other.txt: 10 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskar_sat_ui/api/__init__.py
tuskar_sat_ui/infrastructure/__init__.py
tuskar_sat_ui/infrastructure/nodes/__init__.py
tuskar_sat_ui/__init__.py
tuskar_sat_ui/overrides/infrastructure/__init__.py
tuskar_sat_ui/overrides/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/api/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/__init__.py
>>> monasca-agent/other.txt: 196 bladfafhafadfa.txt
checks/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/beanstalk/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/cacerts/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/cloudformation/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/cloudfront/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/cloudsearch/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/contrib/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/datapipeline/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/dynamodb2/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/dynamodb/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/ec2/autoscale/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/ec2/cloudwatch/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/ec2/elb/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/ec2/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/ecs/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/elasticache/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/elastictranscoder/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/emr/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/file/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/fps/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/glacier/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/gs/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/iam/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/manage/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/mashups/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/mturk/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/mws/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/opsworks/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/pyami/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/pyami/installers/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/pyami/installers/ubuntu/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/rds/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/redshift/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/roboto/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/route53/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/s3/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/sdb/db/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/sdb/db/manager/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/sdb/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/services/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/ses/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/sns/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/sqs/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/sts/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/support/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/swf/__init__.py
checks/libs/boto/vpc/__init__.py
checks/libs/httplib2/__init__.py
checks/libs/__init__.py
checks/system/__init__.py
compat/__init__.py
__init__.py
jahmon/checks.d/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/beanstalk/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/cacerts/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/cloudformation/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/cloudfront/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/cloudsearch/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/contrib/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/datapipeline/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/dynamodb2/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/dynamodb/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/ec2/autoscale/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/ec2/cloudwatch/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/ec2/elb/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/ec2/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/ecs/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/elasticache/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/elastictranscoder/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/emr/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/file/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/fps/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/glacier/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/gs/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/iam/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/manage/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/mashups/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/mturk/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/mws/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/opsworks/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/pyami/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/pyami/installers/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/pyami/installers/ubuntu/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/rds/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/redshift/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/roboto/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/route53/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/s3/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/sdb/db/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/sdb/db/manager/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/sdb/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/services/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/ses/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/sns/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/sqs/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/sts/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/support/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/swf/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/boto/vpc/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/httplib2/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/libs/__init__.py
jahmon/checks/system/__init__.py
jahmon/compat/__init__.py
jahmon/dogstream/__init__.py
jahmon/__init__.py
jahmon/jahmon_lib/__init__.py
jahmon/monapi/__init__.py
jahmon/pup/__init__.py
jahmon/resources/__init__.py
jahmon/win32/__init__.py
jahmon/yaml/__init__.py
monagent/api/__init__.py
monagent/checks.d/__init__.py
monagent/checks/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/beanstalk/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/cacerts/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/cloudformation/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/cloudfront/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/cloudsearch/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/contrib/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/datapipeline/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/dynamodb2/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/dynamodb/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/ec2/autoscale/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/ec2/cloudwatch/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/ec2/elb/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/ec2/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/ecs/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/elasticache/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/elastictranscoder/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/emr/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/file/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/fps/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/glacier/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/gs/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/iam/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/manage/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/mashups/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/mturk/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/mws/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/opsworks/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/pyami/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/pyami/installers/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/pyami/installers/ubuntu/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/rds/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/redshift/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/roboto/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/route53/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/s3/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/sdb/db/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/sdb/db/manager/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/sdb/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/services/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/ses/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/sns/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/sqs/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/sts/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/support/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/swf/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/boto/vpc/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/httplib2/__init__.py
monagent/checks/libs/__init__.py
monagent/checks/system/__init__.py
monagent/collector/checks_d/__init__.py
monagent/collector/checks.d/__init__.py
monagent/collector/checks/__init__.py
monagent/collector/checks/libs/__init__.py
monagent/collector/checks/system/__init__.py
monagent/collector/dogstream/__init__.py
monagent/collector/__init__.py
monagent/collector/resources/__init__.py
monagent/common/__init__.py
monagent/compat/__init__.py
monagent/dogstream/__init__.py
monagent/forwarder/api/__init__.py
monagent/forwarder/__init__.py
monagent/__init__.py
monagent/monapi/__init__.py
monagent/mon_lib/__init__.py
monagent/monstatsd/__init__.py
monagent/pup/__init__.py
monagent/resources/__init__.py
monagent/win32/__init__.py
monagent/yaml/__init__.py
monsetup/detection/__init__.py
monsetup/detection/plugins/__init__.py
monsetup/__init__.py
monsetup/service/__init__.py
pup/__init__.py
resources/__init__.py
utilities/statsd-gen/__init__.py
yaml/__init__.py
>>> oslosphinx/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/sphinx/__init__.py
oslosphinx/__init__.py
>>> openstack-doc-tools/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
autogenerate_config_docs/__init__.py
autogenerate-config-docs/__init__.py
sitemap/generator/__init__.py
sitemap/generator/spiders/__init__.py
>>> opencafe/other.txt: 56 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cafe/common/generators/__init__.py
cafe/common/generators/security/__init__.py
cafe/common/__init__.py
cafe/common/reporting/__init__.py
cafe/configurator/__init__.py
cafe/drivers/behave/__init__.py
cafe/drivers/__init__.py
cafe/drivers/lettuce/__init__.py
cafe/drivers/pyvows/__init__.py
cafe/drivers/specter/__init__.py
cafe/engine/clients/__init__.py
cafe/engine/clients/remote_instance/__init__.py
cafe/engine/clients/remote_instance/linux/__init__.py
cafe/engine/clients/remote_instance/models/__init__.py
cafe/engine/clients/remote_instance/windows/__init__.py
cafe/engine/http/__init__.py
cafe/engine/__init__.py
cafe/engine/models/__init__.py
cafe/engine/mongo/__init__.py
cafe/engine/ssh/__init__.py
cafe/engine/ssh/models/__init__.py
cafe/__init__.py
cafe/resources/github/__init__.py
cafe/resources/__init__.py
cafe/resources/launchpad/__init__.py
cafe/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
plugins/elasticsearch/cafe/engine/clients/__init__.py
plugins/elasticsearch/cafe/engine/__init__.py
plugins/elasticsearch/cafe/__init__.py
plugins/http/cafe/engine/clients/__init__.py
plugins/http/cafe/engine/http/__init__.py
plugins/http/cafe/engine/__init__.py
plugins/http/cafe/__init__.py
plugins/mongo/cafe/engine/clients/__init__.py
plugins/mongo/cafe/engine/__init__.py
plugins/mongo/cafe/engine/mongo/__init__.py
plugins/mongo/cafe/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/cafe/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/cafe/resources/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/cafe/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/drivers/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/resources/github/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/resources/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/resources/jira/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/resources/launchpad/__init__.py
plugins/ssh/cafe/engine/clients/__init__.py
plugins/ssh/cafe/engine/__init__.py
plugins/ssh/cafe/engine/models/__init__.py
plugins/ssh/cafe/engine/ssh/__init__.py
plugins/ssh/cafe/engine/ssh/models/__init__.py
plugins/ssh/cafe/__init__.py
plugins/winrm/cafe/engine/clients/__init__.py
plugins/winrm/cafe/engine/__init__.py
plugins/winrm/cafe/engine/winrm/__init__.py
plugins/winrm/cafe/__init__.py
>>> mistral-extra/other.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
examples/__init__.py
examples/webhooks/api/controllers/__init__.py
examples/webhooks/api/__init__.py
examples/webhooks/cmd/__init__.py
examples/webhooks/__init__.py
mistralextra/examples/__init__.py
mistralextra/__init__.py
simple_app/api/controllers/__init__.py
simple_app/api/__init__.py
simple_app/cmd/__init__.py
simple_app/__init__.py
>>> oslo.middleware/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/middleware/__init__.py
oslo/middleware/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/middleware/openstack/common/__init__.py
oslo/middleware/openstack/__init__.py
>>> wsme/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ews/__init__.py
wsmeext/extdirect/__init__.py
wsmeext/__init__.py
wsmeext/soap/__init__.py
wsmeext/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
wsme/__init__.py
wsme/protocols/__init__.py
wsme/rest/__init__.py
>>> gantt/other.txt: 125 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bzrplugins/novalog/__init__.py
doc/ext/__init__.py
gantt/cmd/__init__.py
gantt/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
gantt/openstack/__init__.py
gantt/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
gantt/scheduler/__init__.py
gantt/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
gantt/servicegroup/drivers/__init__.py
gantt/servicegroup/__init__.py
nova/auth/__init__.py
nova/cmd/__init__.py
nova/common/__init__.py
nova/compat/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/aws/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/rackspace/controllers/__init__.py
nova/endpoint/rackspace/__init__.py
nova/__init__.py
nova/notifier/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/plugin/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
nova/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
nova/openstack/__init__.py
nova/rootwrap/__init__.py
nova/rpc_backends/__init__.py
nova/rpc/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
nova/vsa/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/client_0_8/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/__init__.py
vendor/anyjson/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/cloudfront/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/contrib/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/autoscale/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/cloudwatch/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/elb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/emr/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/fps/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/manage/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mapreduce/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mashups/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mturk/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/ubuntu/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/rds/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/s3/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/manager/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/persist/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/services/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sns/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sqs/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/vpc/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/backends/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/__init__.py
vendor/lockfile/lockfile/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/version/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/redis/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/tornado/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/extensions/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/application/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/client/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/insults/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/openssh_compat/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ssh/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/cred/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/enterprise/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/journal/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/plugins/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/gps/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/mice/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/tap/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/_auth/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/im/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/jabber/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/xish/__init__.py
>>> python-swiftclient/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swiftclient/__init__.py
swiftclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
swiftclient/openstack/__init__.py
>>> oslo.vmware/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/vmware/common/__init__.py
oslo/vmware/__init__.py
oslo/vmware/objects/__init__.py
oslo/vmware/openstack/common/__init__.py
oslo/vmware/openstack/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-jquery-migrate/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/jquery_migrate/__init__.py
>>> keystonemiddleware/other.txt: 13 bladfafhafadfa.txt
apiclient/__init__.py
auth/__init__.py
doc/ext/__init__.py
docs/ext/__init__.py
ext/__init__.py
generic/__init__.py
__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/openstack/common/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/openstack/__init__.py
v2_0/__init__.py
v3/__init__.py
>>> melange/other.txt: 96 bladfafhafadfa.txt
extensions/__init__.py
melange/common/__init__.py
melange/db/__init__.py
melange/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
melange/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
melange/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
melange/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
melange/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
melange/extensions/__init__.py
melange/__init__.py
melange/ipam/__init__.py
melange/ipv4/db_based_ip_generator/__init__.py
melange/ipv4/__init__.py
melange/ipv6/__init__.py
melange/mac/db_based_mac_generator/__init__.py
melange/mac/__init__.py
melange/openstack/common/__init__.py
melange/openstack/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/client_0_8/__init__.py
vendor/amqplib/__init__.py
vendor/anyjson/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/cloudfront/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/contrib/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/autoscale/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/cloudwatch/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/elb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/ec2/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/emr/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/fps/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/manage/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mapreduce/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mashups/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/mturk/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/pyami/installers/ubuntu/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/rds/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/s3/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/db/manager/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sdb/persist/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/services/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sns/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/sqs/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/vpc/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/backends/__init__.py
vendor/carrot/__init__.py
vendor/lockfile/lockfile/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/__init__.py
vendor/python-daemon/daemon/version/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/redis/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/tornado/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/extensions/__init__.py
vendor/tornado/website/markdown/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/application/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/client/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/insults/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/openssh_compat/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ssh/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/cred/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/enterprise/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/iocpreactor/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/persisted/journal/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/plugins/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/gps/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/mice/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/spread/ui/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/tap/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/_auth/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/im/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/protocols/jabber/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/xish/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-angular/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/angular/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> rack/other.txt: 29 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rack/api/__init__.py
rack/api/v1/__init__.py
rack/api/v1/views/__init__.py
rack/api/views/__init__.py
rack/cmd/__init__.py
rack/db/__init__.py
rack/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
rack/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
rack/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
rack/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/report/generators/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/report/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/report/models/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/report/views/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/report/views/json/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/report/views/text/__init__.py
rack/openstack/common/report/views/xml/__init__.py
rack/openstack/__init__.py
rack/resourceoperator/__init__.py
rack/resourceoperator/openstack/__init__.py
rack/scheduler/__init__.py
rack/servicegroup/drivers/__init__.py
rack/servicegroup/__init__.py
>>> ec2-api/other.txt: 13 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ec2api/api/__init__.py
ec2api/cmd/__init__.py
ec2api/db/__init__.py
ec2api/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ec2api/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
ec2api/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
ec2api/__init__.py
ec2api/novadb/__init__.py
ec2api/novadb/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ec2api/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
ec2api/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ec2api/openstack/common/__init__.py
ec2api/openstack/__init__.py
>>> jeepyb/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritx/cmd/__init__.py
gerritx/__init__.py
gerritx/openstack/common/__init__.py
gerritx/openstack/__init__.py
jeepyb/cmd/__init__.py
jeepyb/__init__.py
jeepyb/openstack/common/__init__.py
jeepyb/openstack/__init__.py
>>> oslo-incubator/other.txt: 37 bladfafhafadfa.txt
common/__init__.py
common/middleware/__init__.py
__init__.py
openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
openstack/common/cache/_backends/__init__.py
openstack/common/cache/__init__.py
openstack/common/config/__init__.py
openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
openstack/common/db/__init__.py
openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/migration_cli/__init__.py
openstack/common/deprecated/__init__.py
openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
openstack/common/__init__.py
openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
openstack/common/plugin/__init__.py
openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
openstack/common/report/generators/__init__.py
openstack/common/report/__init__.py
openstack/common/report/models/__init__.py
openstack/common/report/views/__init__.py
openstack/common/report/views/json/__init__.py
openstack/common/report/views/text/__init__.py
openstack/common/report/views/xml/__init__.py
openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
openstack/common/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
openstack/common/scheduler/__init__.py
openstack/common/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
openstack/__init__.py
openstack/paste/__init__.py
pypi/oslo/__init__.py
skeleton/api/__init__.py
skeleton/api/middleware/__init__.py
skeleton/api/v1/__init__.py
skeleton/__init__.py
>>> openstack-nose/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/__init__.py
>>> oslo.concurrency/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/concurrency/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/concurrency/__init__.py
oslo/concurrency/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/concurrency/openstack/common/__init__.py
oslo/concurrency/openstack/__init__.py
oslo/__init__.py
>>> sahara/other.txt: 109 bladfafhafadfa.txt
eho/api/__init__.py
eho/client/__init__.py
eho/common/__init__.py
eho/__init__.py
eho/middleware/__init__.py
eho/openstack/common/__init__.py
eho/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
eho/openstack/__init__.py
eho/server/api/__init__.py
eho/server/__init__.py
eho/server/middleware/__init__.py
eho/server/service/__init__.py
eho/server/storage/__init__.py
eho/service/__init__.py
eho/storage/__init__.py
sahara/api/__init__.py
sahara/api/middleware/__init__.py
sahara/cli/__init__.py
sahara/conductor/__init__.py
sahara/db/__init__.py
sahara/db/migration/__init__.py
sahara/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
sahara/__init__.py
sahara/middleware/__init__.py
sahara/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
sahara/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
sahara/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
sahara/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
sahara/openstack/common/__init__.py
sahara/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
sahara/openstack/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/cdh/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/fake/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/general/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/hdp/versions/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/hdp/versions/version_1_3_2/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/hdp/versions/version_2_0_6/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/intel/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/spark/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/vanilla/hadoop2/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/vanilla/v2_4_0/__init__.py
sahara/plugins/vanilla/v2_4_1/__init__.py
sahara/service/edp/binary_retrievers/__init__.py
sahara/service/edp/__init__.py
sahara/service/edp/oozie/__init__.py
sahara/service/edp/oozie/workflow_creator/__init__.py
sahara/service/edp/spark/__init__.py
sahara/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
sahara/service/__init__.py
sahara/service/validations/edp/__init__.py
sahara/service/validations/__init__.py
sahara/swift/__init__.py
sahara/topology/__init__.py
savanna/api/__init__.py
savanna/cli/__init__.py
savanna/cmd/__init__.py
savanna/conductor/__init__.py
savanna/db/__init__.py
savanna/db/migration/alembic_migrations/__init__.py
savanna/db/migration/__init__.py
savanna/db_new/__init__.py
savanna/db_new/migration/__init__.py
savanna/db_new/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
savanna/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
savanna/__init__.py
savanna/middleware/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
savanna/openstack/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/general/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/hdp/versions/1_3_2/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/hdp/versions/2_0/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/hdp/versions/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/hdp/versions/version_1_3_2/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/hdp/versions/version_2_0_6/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/intel/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/client/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
savanna/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
savanna/service/edp/binary_retrievers/__init__.py
savanna/service/edp/__init__.py
savanna/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
savanna/service/__init__.py
savanna/service/validations/edp/__init__.py
savanna/service/validations/__init__.py
savanna/storage/__init__.py
savanna/swift/__init__.py
savanna/topology/__init__.py
>>> satori/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
satori/common/__init__.py
satori/__init__.py
satori/sysinfo/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-jquery.bootstrap.wizard/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/jquery_bootstrap_wizard/__init__.py
>>> gear/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gear/cmd/__init__.py
gear/__init__.py
>>> nova-docker/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novadocker/__init__.py
novadocker/openstack/common/__init__.py
novadocker/openstack/__init__.py
novadocker/virt/docker/__init__.py
novadocker/virt/__init__.py
>>> subunit2sql/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
subunit2sql/db/__init__.py
subunit2sql/__init__.py
>>> murano-docs/other.txt: 131 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> os-apply-config/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cornfig/__init__.py
os_apply_config/__init__.py
os_config_applier/__init__.py
>>> fuel-devops/other.txt: 14 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devops/driver/dummy/__init__.py
devops/driver/__init__.py
devops/driver/ipmi/__init__.py
devops/driver/libvirt/__init__.py
devops/helpers/__init__.py
devops/__init__.py
devops/migrations/__init__.py
src/devops/driver/dummy/__init__.py
src/devops/driver/__init__.py
src/devops/driver/libvirt/__init__.py
src/devops/helpers/__init__.py
src/devops/__init__.py
src/__init__.py
src/settings/__init__.py
>>> murano-deployment/other.txt: 131 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> nose-html-output/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
htmloutput/__init__.py
>>> tuskar/other.txt: 49 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/api/controllers/__init__.py
ironic/api/__init__.py
ironic/api/model/__init__.py
ironic/cmd/__init__.py
ironic/common/__init__.py
ironic/db/__init__.py
ironic/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
ironic/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
ironic/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/__init__.py
ironic/manager/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/plugin/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/__init__.py
tuskar/api/controllers/__init__.py
tuskar/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
tuskar/api/controllers/v1/types/__init__.py
tuskar/api/controllers/v2/__init__.py
tuskar/api/__init__.py
tuskar/api/model/__init__.py
tuskar/cmd/__init__.py
tuskar/common/__init__.py
tuskar/compute/__init__.py
tuskar/db/__init__.py
tuskar/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tuskar/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
tuskar/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
tuskar/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/heat/__init__.py
tuskar/__init__.py
tuskar/manager/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/plugin/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
tuskar/openstack/__init__.py
tuskar/storage/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/storage/__init__.py
>>> driverlog/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
driverlog/dashboard/__init__.py
driverlog/__init__.py
driverlog/openstack/common/__init__.py
driverlog/openstack/__init__.py
driverlog/processor/__init__.py
>>> python-novaclient/other.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudservers/__init__.py
novaclient/__init__.py
novaclient/keystone/__init__.py
novaclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
novaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
novaclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
novaclient/openstack/__init__.py
novaclient/v1_0/__init__.py
novaclient/v1_1/contrib/__init__.py
novaclient/v1_1/__init__.py
novaclient/v3/__init__.py
>>> murano/other.txt: 196 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
glazierapi/api/__init__.py
glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
glazierapi/common/__init__.py
glazierapi/db/__init__.py
glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
glazierapi/__init__.py
glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
muranoapi/api/__init__.py
muranoapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
muranoapi/api/v1/__init__.py
muranoapi/cmd/__init__.py
muranoapi/common/helpers/__init__.py
muranoapi/common/__init__.py
muranoapi/common/messaging/__init__.py
muranoapi/contrib/tempest/__init__.py
muranoapi/db/catalog/__init__.py
muranoapi/db/__init__.py
muranoapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
muranoapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
muranoapi/db/services/__init__.py
muranoapi/dsl/__init__.py
muranoapi/dsl/principal_objects/__init__.py
muranoapi/engine/__init__.py
muranoapi/engine/principal_objects/__init__.py
muranoapi/engine/system/__init__.py
murano/api/__init__.py
muranoapi/__init__.py
murano/api/middleware/__init__.py
muranoapi/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
muranoapi/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
muranoapi/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
muranoapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
muranoapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
muranoapi/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
muranoapi/openstack/__init__.py
muranoapi/packages/__init__.py
muranoapi/packages/versions/__init__.py
murano/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/cmd/__init__.py
murano/common/helpers/__init__.py
murano/common/__init__.py
murano/common/messaging/__init__.py
murano/db/catalog/__init__.py
murano/db/__init__.py
murano/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
murano/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
murano/db/migration/__init__.py
murano/db/services/__init__.py
murano/db/sqla/__init__.py
murano/dsl/__init__.py
murano/dsl/principal_objects/__init__.py
murano/engine/__init__.py
murano/engine/system/__init__.py
murano/__init__.py
murano/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
murano/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
murano/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
murano/openstack/common/__init__.py
murano/openstack/__init__.py
murano/packages/__init__.py
murano/packages/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> cliff/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cliff/formatters/__init__.py
cliff/__init__.py
demoapp/cliffdemo/__init__.py
>>> tacker/other.txt: 187 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutron/agent/common/__init__.py
neutron/agent/__init__.py
neutron/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/agent/metadata/__init__.py
neutron/api/__init__.py
neutron/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/api/v2/__init__.py
neutron/api/views/__init__.py
neutron/cmd/__init__.py
neutron/cmd/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/common/__init__.py
neutron/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/db/__init__.py
neutron/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/db/migration/alembic_migrations/__init__.py
neutron/db/migration/__init__.py
neutron/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/debug/__init__.py
neutron/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/hacking/__init__.py
neutron/__init__.py
neutron/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/cache/_backends/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/cache/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
neutron/openstack/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/brocade/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/brocade/nos/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/models/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/agent/operations/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/l2base/fake/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/l2base/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/l2base/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/embrane/plugins/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/hyperv/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/hyperv/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ibm/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ibm/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/metaplugin/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/midonet/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/midonet/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/brocade/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/brocade/nos/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/l2pop/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/mech_arista/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/mech_bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/drivers/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nec/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nuage/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nuage/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ofagent/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ofagent/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/oneconvergence/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/oneconvergence/lib/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/openvswitch/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/openvswitch/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/plumgrid/plumgrid_plugin/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/agent/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/db/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/api_client/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/dbexts/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/dhcp_meta/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/plugins/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/shell/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/vshield/common/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/vmware/vshield/tasks/__init__.py
neutron/scheduler/__init__.py
neutron/server/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/services/__init__.py
neutron/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/common/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/agent/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/agents/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/drivers/iptables/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/drivers/noop/__init__.py
neutron/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/common/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
tacker/agent/common/__init__.py
tacker/agent/__init__.py
tacker/agent/linux/__init__.py
tacker/api/__init__.py
tacker/api/v1/__init__.py
tacker/api/views/__init__.py
tacker/cmd/__init__.py
tacker/common/__init__.py
tacker/db/__init__.py
tacker/db/migration/alembic_migrations/__init__.py
tacker/db/migration/__init__.py
tacker/db/vm/__init__.py
tacker/extensions/__init__.py
tacker/hacking/__init__.py
tacker/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/common/cache/_backends/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/common/cache/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/common/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
tacker/openstack/__init__.py
tacker/plugins/common/__init__.py
tacker/plugins/__init__.py
tacker/services/__init__.py
tacker/vm/agent/__init__.py
tacker/vm/drivers/__init__.py
tacker/vm/drivers/nova/__init__.py
tacker/vm/__init__.py
tacker/vm/mgmt_drivers/__init__.py
tacker/vm/mgmt_drivers/rpc/__init__.py
>>> tooz/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tooz/drivers/__init__.py
tooz/__init__.py
tooz/openstack/common/__init__.py
tooz/openstack/__init__.py
>>> tuskar-ui/other.txt: 290 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/management/commands/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/management/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/templatetags/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/urls/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/views/__init__.py
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/__init__.py
django-nova-syspanel/src/django_nova_syspanel/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/auth/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/dash/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/middleware/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/syspanel/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/templatetags/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/auth/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/core/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/dash/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/management/commands/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/management/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/middleware/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/urls/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/syspanel/views/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/templatetags/templatetags/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/urls/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/views/__init__.py
horizon/api/__init__.py
horizon/browsers/__init__.py
horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
horizon/conf/__init__.py
horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/quotas/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/services/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/project/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/instances/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/ports/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/networks/subnets/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/overview/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/quotas/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/services/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/__init__.py
horizon/dashboards/syspanel/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/forms/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/api/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/containers/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/floating_ips/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/images/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/instances/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances_and_volumes/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/instances/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/keypairs/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/networks/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/overview/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/security_groups/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/snapshots/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/nova/volumes/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/regions/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/ec2/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/project/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/tenant/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/flavors/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/images/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/instances/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/overview/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/projects/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/quotas/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/services/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/tenants/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/dashboards/syspanel/users/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/forms/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tables/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/usage/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/views/__init__.py
horizon/__init__.py
horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
horizon/management/__init__.py
horizon/openstack/common/__init__.py
horizon/openstack/__init__.py
horizon/tables/__init__.py
horizon/tabs/__init__.py
horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
horizon/usage/__init__.py
horizon/views/__init__.py
horizon/workflows/__init__.py
local/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
openstack-dashboard/dashboard/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/aggregates/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/domains/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/groups/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/hypervisors/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/quotas/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/roles/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/services/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/overview/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/flavors/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/hosts/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/nodes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/racks/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/resource_management/resource_classes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/service_management/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/infrastructure/templatetags/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/stacks/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/ec2/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/password/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/project/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
openstack-dashboard/local/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/api/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deploy_block_storage/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deploy_compute/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deploy_controller/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deployment/block_storage/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deployment/compute/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deployment/controller/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deployment/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deployment/object_storage/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deployment/overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deploy_object_storage/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/deploy_overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/flavors/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/history/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/images/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/images_overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/logs_overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/networks_overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/node_profiles/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/free/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/resource/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overcloud/workflows/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/parameters/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/plans/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/plans/workflows/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/flavors/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/nodes/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/racks/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resource_management/resource_classes/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources_archived/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/archived/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/free/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources_management/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/management/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources_overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/overview/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources_resource/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/resource/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources_unallocated/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/resources/unallocated/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/roles/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/service_management/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/templatetags/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/__init__.py
>>> python-cinderclient/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinderclient/__init__.py
cinderclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
cinderclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
cinderclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
cinderclient/openstack/__init__.py
cinderclient/v1/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/v1/__init__.py
cinderclient/v2/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/v2/__init__.py
>>> kwapi/other.txt: 19 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometer-pollster/kwapi/__init__.py
drivers/__init__.py
kwapi/api/__init__.py
kwapi/drivers/__init__.py
kwapi/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/plugin/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/scheduler/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/common/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
kwapi/openstack/__init__.py
kwapi/plugins/api/__init__.py
kwapi/plugins/__init__.py
kwapi/plugins/rrd/__init__.py
pollster/kwapi/__init__.py
>>> murano-conductor/other.txt: 145 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/cmd/__init__.py
conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/__init__.py
conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
heatplugin/murano/__init__.py
muranoconductor/cmd/__init__.py
muranoconductor/commands/__init__.py
muranoconductor/__init__.py
muranoconductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
muranoconductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
muranoconductor/openstack/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> python-barbicanclient/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
barbicanclient/barbican_cli/__init__.py
barbicanclient/common/__init__.py
barbicanclient/__init__.py
barbicanclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
barbicanclient/openstack/__init__.py
barbicanclient/v1/__init__.py
examples/__init__.py
>>> staccato/other.txt: 19 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova_plugin/staccato_nova_download/__init__.py
staccato/api/__init__.py
staccato/api/v1/__init__.py
staccato/cmd/__init__.py
staccato/common/__init__.py
staccato/db/__init__.py
staccato/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
staccato/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
staccato/__init__.py
staccato/openstack/common/__init__.py
staccato/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
staccato/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
staccato/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
staccato/openstack/__init__.py
staccato/protocols/file/__init__.py
staccato/protocols/http/__init__.py
staccato/protocols/__init__.py
staccato/scheduler/__init__.py
staccato/xfer/__init__.py
>>> ceilometer/other.txt: 63 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometer/agent/__init__.py
ceilometer/alarm/evaluator/__init__.py
ceilometer/alarm/__init__.py
ceilometer/alarm/notifier/__init__.py
ceilometer/alarm/partition/__init__.py
ceilometer/alarm/storage/__init__.py
ceilometer/api/controllers/__init__.py
ceilometer/api/__init__.py
ceilometer/api/v1/__init__.py
ceilometer/central/__init__.py
ceilometer/cmd/__init__.py
ceilometer/collector/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/collector/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/nova_notifier/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/virt/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
ceilometer/compute/virt/vmware/__init__.py
ceilometer/data_processing/__init__.py
ceilometer/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/energy/__init__.py
ceilometer/event/__init__.py
ceilometer/hardware/__init__.py
ceilometer/hardware/inspector/__init__.py
ceilometer/hardware/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/hardware/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/identity/__init__.py
ceilometer/image/__init__.py
ceilometer/__init__.py
ceilometer/network/__init__.py
ceilometer/network/services/__init__.py
ceilometer/network/statistics/__init__.py
ceilometer/network/statistics/opencontrail/__init__.py
ceilometer/network/statistics/opendaylight/__init__.py
ceilometer/nova/__init__.py
ceilometer/objectstore/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/deprecated/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
ceilometer/openstack/__init__.py
ceilometer/orchestration/__init__.py
ceilometer/profiler/__init__.py
ceilometer/publisher/__init__.py
ceilometer/rpc/__init__.py
ceilometer/storage/hbase/__init__.py
ceilometer/storage/__init__.py
ceilometer/storage/mongo/__init__.py
ceilometer/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ceilometer/storage/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
ceilometer/storage/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
ceilometer/transformer/__init__.py
ceilometer/volume/__init__.py
doc/source/ceilext/__init__.py
>>> murano-agent/other.txt: 149 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
muranoagent/cmd/__init__.py
muranoagent/common/__init__.py
muranoagent/common/messaging/__init__.py
muranoagent/executors/application/__init__.py
muranoagent/executors/__init__.py
muranoagent/__init__.py
muranoagent/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
muranoagent/openstack/common/__init__.py
muranoagent/openstack/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/cmd/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/common/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/common/messaging/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/executors/application/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/executors/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> entropy/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
entropy/audit/__init__.py
entropy/backends/__init__.py
entropy/__init__.py
entropy/repair/__init__.py
>>> python-tackerclient/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutronclient/common/__init__.py
neutronclient/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/nec/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/nsx/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/vpn/__init__.py
neutronclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
neutronclient/openstack/__init__.py
neutronclient/v2_0/__init__.py
tackerclient/common/__init__.py
tackerclient/__init__.py
tackerclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
tackerclient/openstack/__init__.py
tackerclient/tacker/__init__.py
tackerclient/tacker/v1_0/__init__.py
tackerclient/tacker/v1_0/vm/__init__.py
tackerclient/v1_0/__init__.py
>>> sphinxcontrib-docbookrestapi/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sphinxcontrib/docbookrestapi/__init__.py
sphinxcontrib/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-jquery.quicksearch/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/jquery_quicksearch/__init__.py
>>> cloudroast/other.txt: 124 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudroast/bare_metal/api/chassis/__init__.py
cloudroast/bare_metal/api/drivers/__init__.py
cloudroast/bare_metal/api/__init__.py
cloudroast/bare_metal/api/nodes/__init__.py
cloudroast/bare_metal/api/ports/__init__.py
cloudroast/bare_metal/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/v1/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/v1/integration/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/v1/integration/volume_attachments_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/v1/volumes_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/v1/volumes_api/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/v2/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/integration/compute/images_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/integration/compute/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/integration/compute/volume_attachments_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/integration/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/snapshots/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/integration/compute/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/integration/compute/volume_attachments_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/integration/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/integration/volume_attachments_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/snapshots/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/volumes/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/integration/compute/images_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/integration/compute/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/integration/compute/volume_attachments_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/integration/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/snapshots/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/volumes/__init__.py
cloudroast/blockstorage/volumes_api/volumes/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/client_lib/functional/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/client_lib/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/client_lib/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/cli/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/cli/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/portcullis/functional/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/portcullis/__init__.py
cloudroast/cloudkeep/portcullis/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/actions/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin_api/flavors/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin_api/hosts/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin_api/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin_api/integration/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin_api/integration/volumes/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin_api/quotas/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/flavors/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/hosts/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/integration/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/integration/volumes/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/quotas/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/admin/servers/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/api/config_drive/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/api/flavors/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/api/images/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/api/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/api/keypairs/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/api/limits/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/api/servers/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/burn_in/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/extensions/cloudinit/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/extensions/console_output/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/extensions/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/extensions/security_groups/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/cloudinit/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/config_drive/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/flavors/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/images/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/keypairs/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/limits/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/servers/actions/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/functional/servers/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/fuzz/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/instance_actions/admin_api/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/instance_actions/api/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/instance_actions/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/integration/identity/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/integration/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/integration/volumes/boot_from_volume/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/integration/volumes/boot_from_volume/v1/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/integration/volumes/boot_from_volume/v2/images/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/integration/volumes/boot_from_volume/v2/__init__.py
cloudroast/compute/integration/volumes/__init__.py
cloudroast/database/__init__.py
cloudroast/database/neg_regr/__init__.py
cloudroast/database/pos_regr/__init__.py
cloudroast/database/pos_regr/mgmt/__init__.py
cloudroast/identity/admin/__init__.py
cloudroast/identity/__init__.py
cloudroast/identity/v2_0/extensions/__init__.py
cloudroast/identity/v2_0/__init__.py
cloudroast/images/__init__.py
cloudroast/images/v1/functional/__init__.py
cloudroast/images/v1/__init__.py
cloudroast/images/v2/functional/__init__.py
cloudroast/images/v2/__init__.py
cloudroast/images/v2/rbac/__init__.py
cloudroast/__init__.py
cloudroast/meniscus/functional/__init__.py
cloudroast/meniscus/__init__.py
cloudroast/meniscus/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/objectstorage/__init__.py
cloudroast/objectstorage/regression/account/__init__.py
cloudroast/objectstorage/regression/container/__init__.py
cloudroast/objectstorage/regression/__init__.py
cloudroast/objectstorage/regression/middleware/__init__.py
cloudroast/objectstorage/regression/object/__init__.py
cloudroast/objectstorage/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/openstackcli/cindercli/__init__.py
cloudroast/openstackcli/__init__.py
cloudroast/stacktach/functional/__init__.py
cloudroast/stacktach/__init__.py
cloudroast/stacktach/regression/__init__.py
cloudroast/stacktach/smoke/__init__.py
>>> pecan/other.txt: 13 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pecan/commands/__init__.py
pecan/compat/__init__.py
pecan/ext/__init__.py
pecan/__init__.py
pecan/middleware/__init__.py
pecan/middleware/resources/__init__.py
pecan/scaffolds/base/+package+/controllers/__init__.py
pecan/scaffolds/base/+package+/__init__.py
pecan/scaffolds/base/+package+/model/__init__.py
pecan/scaffolds/__init__.py
pecan/scaffolds/rest-api/+package+/controllers/__init__.py
pecan/scaffolds/rest-api/+package+/__init__.py
pecan/scaffolds/rest-api/+package+/model/__init__.py
>>> cloudkitty/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudkitty/api/controllers/__init__.py
cloudkitty/api/__init__.py
cloudkitty/backend/__init__.py
cloudkitty/billing/hash/db/__init__.py
cloudkitty/billing/hash/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
cloudkitty/billing/hash/__init__.py
cloudkitty/billing/__init__.py
cloudkitty/cli/__init__.py
cloudkitty/collector/__init__.py
cloudkitty/common/db/alembic/__init__.py
cloudkitty/common/db/__init__.py
cloudkitty/common/__init__.py
cloudkitty/db/__init__.py
cloudkitty/db/sqlalchemy/alembic/__init__.py
cloudkitty/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
cloudkitty/__init__.py
cloudkitty/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
cloudkitty/openstack/common/__init__.py
cloudkitty/openstack/__init__.py
cloudkitty/writer/__init__.py
>>> bashate/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bashate/__init__.py
bash8/__init__.py
>>> nova-solver-scheduler/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/scheduler/solvers/costs/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/solvers/__init__.py
nova/scheduler/solvers/linearconstraints/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-spin/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/spin/__init__.py
>>> surveil/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
surveil/api/controllers/__init__.py
surveil/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
surveil/api/__init__.py
surveil/__init__.py
>>> devstack-gate/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devstackgate/__init__.py
devstackgate/openstack/common/__init__.py
devstackgate/openstack/__init__.py
v1_0/__init__.py
>>> python-openstacksdk/other.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api_strawman/__init__.py
examples/__init__.py
__init__.py
openstack/auth/identity/__init__.py
openstack/auth/__init__.py
openstack/common/__init__.py
openstack/compute/__init__.py
openstack/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstack/database/__init__.py
openstack/database/v1/__init__.py
openstack/identity/__init__.py
openstack/identity/v2/__init__.py
openstack/image/__init__.py
openstack/image/v1/__init__.py
openstack/__init__.py
openstack/network/__init__.py
openstack/network/v2/__init__.py
openstack/object_store/__init__.py
openstack/object_store/v1/__init__.py
openstack/telemetry/__init__.py
openstack/telemetry/v2/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfntools/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat/api/__init__.py
heat/api/middleware/__init__.py
heat/api/v1/__init__.py
heat/common/__init__.py
heat/db/anydbm/__init__.py
heat/db/__init__.py
heat/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
heat/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
heat/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
heat/engine/api/__init__.py
heat/engine/api/v1/__init__.py
heat/engine/__init__.py
heat/__init__.py
heat_jeos/__init__.py
heat/metadata/api/__init__.py
heat/metadata/api/v1/__init__.py
heat/metadata/__init__.py
heat/openstack/common/__init__.py
heat/openstack/__init__.py
heat/rpc/__init__.py
>>> rally/other.txt: 59 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rally/aas/__init__.py
rally/aas/rest/controllers/__init__.py
rally/aas/rest/controllers/v1/__init__.py
rally/aas/rest/__init__.py
rally/api/controllers/__init__.py
rally/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
rally/api/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/context/cleanup/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/context/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/context/quotas/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/processing/charts/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/processing/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/runners/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/authenticate/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/ceilometer/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/cinder/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/dummy/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/glance/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/heat/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/keystone/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/neutron/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/nova/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/quotas/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/requests/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/sahara/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/tempest/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/scenarios/vm/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/sla/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/temp/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/wrappers/__init__.py
rally/cmd/commands/__init__.py
rally/cmd/__init__.py
rally/db/__init__.py
rally/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
rally/deploy/engines/__init__.py
rally/deploy/fuel/__init__.py
rally/deploy/__init__.py
rally/deploy/serverprovider/__init__.py
rally/deploy/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
rally/__init__.py
rally/objects/__init__.py
rally/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
rally/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
rally/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
rally/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
rally/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
rally/openstack/common/__init__.py
rally/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
rally/openstack/__init__.py
rally/orchestrator/__init__.py
rally/serverprovider/__init__.py
rally/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
rally/verification/__init__.py
rally/verification/verifiers/__init__.py
rally/verification/verifiers/tempest/__init__.py
rally/vmprovider/__init__.py
rally/vmprovider/providers/__init__.py
>>> magnetodb/other.txt: 53 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cassandra/__init__.py
cassandra/io/__init__.py
magnetodb/api/amz/dynamodb/action/__init__.py
magnetodb/api/amz/dynamodb/__init__.py
magnetodb/api/amz/__init__.py
magnetodb/api/__init__.py
magnetodb/api/openstack/__init__.py
magnetodb/api/openstack/v1/__init__.py
magnetodb/common/cassandra/__init__.py
magnetodb/common/cassandra/io/__init__.py
magnetodb/common/__init__.py
magnetodb/common/middleware/__init__.py
magnetodb/common/notifier/__init__.py
magnetodb/__init__.py
magnetodb/notifier/__init__.py
magnetodb/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
magnetodb/openstack/common/__init__.py
magnetodb/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
magnetodb/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
magnetodb/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
magnetodb/openstack/__init__.py
magnetodb/storage/driver/cassandra/__init__.py
magnetodb/storage/driver/__init__.py
magnetodb/storage/impl/__init__.py
magnetodb/storage/__init__.py
magnetodb/storage/manager/__init__.py
magnetodb/storage/table_info_repo/__init__.py
tempest/api/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/boto_base/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/boto/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/in_progress/boto/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/in_progress/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/in_progress/rest/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/not_ready/boto/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/not_ready/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/not_ready/rest/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/rest_base/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/rest/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/stable/boto/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/stable/__init__.py
tempest/api/keyvalue/stable/rest/__init__.py
tempest/cli/__init__.py
tempest/cli/keyvalue/__init__.py
tempest/common/__init__.py
tempest/__init__.py
tempest/openstack/common/__init__.py
tempest/openstack/__init__.py
tempest/services/__init__.py
tempest/services/keyvalue/__init__.py
tempest/services/keyvalue/json/__init__.py
tempest/thirdparty/boto/__init__.py
tempest/thirdparty/__init__.py
>>> python-tuskarclient/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskarclient/common/__init__.py
tuskarclient/__init__.py
tuskarclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
tuskarclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
tuskarclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
tuskarclient/openstack/__init__.py
tuskarclient/v1_0/__init__.py
tuskarclient/v1/__init__.py
tuskarclient/v2/__init__.py
>>> taskflow/other.txt: 34 bladfafhafadfa.txt
taskflow/backends/celery/__init__.py
taskflow/backends/__init__.py
taskflow/backends/memory/__init__.py
taskflow/backends/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
taskflow/blocks/__init__.py
taskflow/common/__init__.py
taskflow/conductors/__init__.py
taskflow/db/__init__.py
taskflow/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
taskflow/engines/action_engine/__init__.py
taskflow/engines/__init__.py
taskflow/engines/worker_based/__init__.py
taskflow/generics/__init__.py
taskflow/__init__.py
taskflow/jobboard/drivers/__init__.py
taskflow/jobboard/__init__.py
taskflow/jobs/backends/__init__.py
taskflow/jobs/__init__.py
taskflow/listeners/__init__.py
taskflow/locks/drivers/__init__.py
taskflow/locks/__init__.py
taskflow/logbook/__init__.py
taskflow/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
taskflow/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
taskflow/openstack/common/__init__.py
taskflow/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
taskflow/openstack/__init__.py
taskflow/patterns/__init__.py
taskflow/patterns/resumption/__init__.py
taskflow/persistence/backends/__init__.py
taskflow/persistence/backends/memory/__init__.py
taskflow/persistence/backends/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
taskflow/persistence/__init__.py
taskflow/types/__init__.py
>>> elastic-recheck/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
elastic_recheck/cmd/__init__.py
elastic_recheck/__init__.py
>>> gerritbot/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritbot/__init__.py
gerritbot/openstack/common/__init__.py
gerritbot/openstack/__init__.py
>>> inception/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
inception/api/__init__.py
inception/__init__.py
webui/__init__.py
>>> python-monascaclient/other.txt: 14 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monascaclient/common/__init__.py
monascaclient/__init__.py
monascaclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
monascaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
monascaclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
monascaclient/openstack/__init__.py
monascaclient/v2_0/__init__.py
monclient/common/__init__.py
monclient/__init__.py
monclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
monclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
monclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
monclient/openstack/__init__.py
monclient/v2_0/__init__.py
>>> cookiecutter/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/__init__.py
package/my_proj/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/{{project.repo_name}}/__init__.py
repo_name/repo_name/__init__.py
>>> manila/other.txt: 103 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/api/__init__.py
cinder/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/api/v2/views/__init__.py
cinder/api/views/__init__.py
cinder/backup/__init__.py
cinder/backup/services/__init__.py
cinder/brick/__init__.py
cinder/brick/iscsi/__init__.py
cinder/brick/local_dev/__init__.py
cinder/common/__init__.py
cinder/compute/__init__.py
cinder/db/__init__.py
cinder/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
cinder/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
cinder/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
cinder/image/__init__.py
cinder/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
cinder/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
cinder/share/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/share/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/emc/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/huawei/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/nexenta/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/san/hp/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/san/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/volume/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/api/share/admin/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/api/share/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/api/shares/admin/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/api/shares/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/services/share/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/services/share/json/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/services/shares/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/services/shares/json/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/tempest/services/shares/xml/__init__.py
doc/ext/__init__.py
manila/api/contrib/__init__.py
manila/api/__init__.py
manila/api/middleware/__init__.py
manila/api/openstack/__init__.py
manila/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
manila/api/v1/__init__.py
manila/api/v2/__init__.py
manila/api/v2/views/__init__.py
manila/api/views/__init__.py
manila/backup/__init__.py
manila/backup/services/__init__.py
manila/brick/__init__.py
manila/brick/iscsi/__init__.py
manila/brick/local_dev/__init__.py
manila/common/__init__.py
manila/compute/__init__.py
manila/db/__init__.py
manila/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
manila/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
manila/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
manila/image/__init__.py
manila/__init__.py
manila/network/__init__.py
manila/network/linux/__init__.py
manila/network/neutron/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/scheduler/__init__.py
manila/openstack/common/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
manila/openstack/__init__.py
manila/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
manila/scheduler/__init__.py
manila/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
manila/share/drivers/__init__.py
manila/share/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
manila/share/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/emc/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/huawei/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/nexenta/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/san/hp/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/san/__init__.py
manila/volume/drivers/xenapi/__init__.py
manila/volume/__init__.py
>>> python-neutronclient/other.txt: 25 bladfafhafadfa.txt
__init__.py
neutronclient/common/__init__.py
neutronclient/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/nec/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/nsx/__init__.py
neutronclient/neutron/v2_0/vpn/__init__.py
neutronclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
neutronclient/openstack/__init__.py
neutronclient/v2_0/__init__.py
quantumclient/common/__init__.py
quantum/client/__init__.py
quantumclient/__init__.py
quantumclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
quantumclient/openstack/__init__.py
quantumclient/quantum/__init__.py
quantumclient/quantum/v1_1/__init__.py
quantumclient/quantum/v2_0/__init__.py
quantumclient/quantum/v2_0/lb/__init__.py
quantumclient/v2_0/__init__.py
quantum/common/__init__.py
quantum/__init__.py
>>> django_openstack_auth/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack_auth/__init__.py
>>> ironic/other.txt: 50 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/api/controllers/__init__.py
ironic/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
ironic/api/__init__.py
ironic/api/middleware/__init__.py
ironic/api/model/__init__.py
ironic/cmd/__init__.py
ironic/common/glance_service/__init__.py
ironic/common/glance_service/v1/__init__.py
ironic/common/glance_service/v2/__init__.py
ironic/common/__init__.py
ironic/conductor/__init__.py
ironic/db/__init__.py
ironic/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
ironic/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
ironic/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/drivers/modules/ilo/__init__.py
ironic/drivers/modules/__init__.py
ironic/__init__.py
ironic/manager/__init__.py
ironic/nova/compute/__init__.py
ironic/nova/__init__.py
ironic/nova/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
ironic/nova/scheduler/__init__.py
ironic/nova/virt/__init__.py
ironic/nova/virt/ironic/__init__.py
ironic/objects/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/migration_cli/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/plugin/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
ironic/openstack/__init__.py
ironic/virt/baremetal/db/__init__.py
ironic/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
ironic/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
ironic/virt/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
nova/virt/baremetal/__init__.py
>>> glance.store/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glance/__init__.py
glance/store/common/__init__.py
glance/store/common/location_strategy/__init__.py
glance/store/_drivers/__init__.py
glance/store/_drivers/swift/__init__.py
glance/store/__init__.py
glance/store/openstack/common/__init__.py
glance/store/openstack/__init__.py
>>> graffiti/other.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
graffiti/api/controllers/__init__.py
graffiti/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
graffiti/api/__init__.py
graffiti/api/model/__init__.py
graffiti/api/model/v1/dao/__init__.py
graffiti/api/model/v1/__init__.py
graffiti/api/plugins/__init__.py
graffiti/common/__init__.py
graffiti/common/utilities/__init__.py
graffiti/controllers/__init__.py
graffiti/controllers/v1/__init__.py
graffiti/db/__init__.py
graffiti/db/migration/__init__.py
graffiti/drivers/__init__.py
graffiti/drivers/modules/__init__.py
graffiti/__init__.py
graffiti/model/__init__.py
graffiti/model/v1/__init__.py
graffiti/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
graffiti/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
graffiti/openstack/common/__init__.py
graffiti/openstack/__init__.py
>>> nodepool/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nodepool/cmd/__init__.py
nodepool/__init__.py
>>> oslo.utils/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/__init__.py
>>> murano-repository/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/__init__.py
api.py/__init__.py
cmd/__init__.py
metadata_service/cmd/__init__.py
metadata_service/__init__.py
metadata_service/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
metadata_service/openstack/common/__init__.py
metadata_service/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
metadata_service/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
metadata_service/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
metadata_service/openstack/__init__.py
muranorepository/api/__init__.py
muranorepository/cmd/__init__.py
muranorepository/__init__.py
muranorepository/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
muranorepository/openstack/common/__init__.py
muranorepository/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
muranorepository/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
muranorepository/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
muranorepository/openstack/__init__.py
>>> pypi-mirror/other.txt: 10 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritx/cmd/__init__.py
gerritx/__init__.py
gerritx/openstack/common/__init__.py
gerritx/openstack/__init__.py
jeepyb/cmd/__init__.py
jeepyb/__init__.py
jeepyb/openstack/common/__init__.py
jeepyb/openstack/__init__.py
pypi_mirror/cmd/__init__.py
pypi_mirror/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-heat-templates/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tripleo_heat_merge/__init__.py
>>> glance/other.txt: 61 bladfafhafadfa.txt
common/db/__init__.py
common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
common/__init__.py
glance/api/__init__.py
glance/api/middleware/__init__.py
glance/api/v1_0/__init__.py
glance/api/v1/__init__.py
glance/api/v2/__init__.py
glance/cmd/__init__.py
glance/common/db/__init__.py
glance/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
glance/common/__init__.py
glance/common/location_strategy/__init__.py
glance/db/__init__.py
glance/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
glance/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
glance/db/registry/__init__.py
glance/db/simple/__init__.py
glance/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
glance/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
glance/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
glance/domain/__init__.py
glance/hacking/__init__.py
glance/image_cache/drivers/__init__.py
glance/image_cache/__init__.py
glance/__init__.py
glance/locale/__init__.py
glance/notifier/__init__.py
glance/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
glance/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
glance/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
glance/openstack/common/__init__.py
glance/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
glance/openstack/__init__.py
glance/parallax/api/__init__.py
glance/parallax/db/__init__.py
glance/parallax/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
glance/parallax/__init__.py
glance/quota/__init__.py
glance/registry/api/__init__.py
glance/registry/api/v1/__init__.py
glance/registry/api/v2/__init__.py
glance/registry/client/__init__.py
glance/registry/client/v1/__init__.py
glance/registry/client/v2/__init__.py
glance/registry/db/__init__.py
glance/registry/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
glance/registry/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
glance/registry/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
glance/registry/__init__.py
glance/store/backends/__init__.py
glance/store/__init__.py
glance/store/vmware/__init__.py
glance/teller/api/__init__.py
glance/teller/backends/__init__.py
glance/teller/__init__.py
parallax/api/__init__.py
parallax/__init__.py
parallax/parallax/__init__.py
teller/__init__.py
teller/teller/__init__.py
>>> logaas/other.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
logaas/cmd/__init__.py
logaas/db/__init__.py
logaas/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
logaas/__init__.py
logaas/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
logaas/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
logaas/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
logaas/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
logaas/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
logaas/openstack/common/__init__.py
logaas/openstack/__init__.py
>>> python-opentsdbclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
opentsdbclient/__init__.py
>>> python-solumclient/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumclient/builder/__init__.py
solumclient/builder/v1/__init__.py
solumclient/common/__init__.py
solumclient/__init__.py
solumclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
solumclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
solumclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
solumclient/openstack/__init__.py
solumclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> keystone/other.txt: 145 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/ext/__init__.py
doc/__init__.py
doc/source/__init__.py
echo/echo/__init__.py
examples/echo/echo/__init__.py
examples/echo/__init__.py
examples/__init__.py
keystone/assignment/backends/__init__.py
keystone/assignment/__init__.py
keystone/auth/__init__.py
keystone/auth/methods/__init__.py
keystone/auth/plugins/__init__.py
keystone/auth_protocol/__init__.py
keystone/auth_protocols/__init__.py
keystone/backends/alterdb/api/__init__.py
keystone/backends/alterdb/__init__.py
keystone/backends/__init__.py
keystone/backends/ldap/api/__init__.py
keystone/backends/ldap/__init__.py
keystone/backends/memcache/api/__init__.py
keystone/backends/memcache/__init__.py
keystone/backends/sqlalchemy/api/__init__.py
keystone/backends/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
keystone/backends/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/backends/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/backends/sql/__init__.py
keystone/backends/sql/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/backends/sql/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/catalog/backends/__init__.py
keystone/catalog/__init__.py
keystone/common/cache/backends/__init__.py
keystone/common/cache/__init__.py
keystone/common/environment/__init__.py
keystone/common/__init__.py
keystone/common/kvs/backends/__init__.py
keystone/common/kvs/__init__.py
keystone/common/ldap/__init__.py
keystone/common/sql/__init__.py
keystone/common/sql/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/common/sql/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/common/validation/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/access/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/admin_crud/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/ec2/backends/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/ec2/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/endpoint_filter/backends/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/endpoint_filter/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/endpoint_filter/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/endpoint_filter/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/example/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/example/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/example/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/admin/hpidm/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/admin/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/admin/osec2/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/admin/osksadm/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/admin/oskscatalog/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/admin/osksvalidate/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/admin/raxkey/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/osec2/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/raxgrp/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/raxkey/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/rskey/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/service/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/service/osec2/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/service/raxgrp/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/extensions/service/raxkey/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/federation/backends/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/federation/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/federation/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/federation/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/api/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/api/v1/controllers/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/api/v1/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/cli/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/common/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/db/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/db/kvs/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/kds/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/oauth1/backends/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/oauth1/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/oauth1/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/oauth1/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/revoke/backends/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/revoke/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/revoke/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/revoke/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/s3/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/simple_cert/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/stats/backends/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/stats/__init__.py
keystone/contrib/user_crud/__init__.py
keystone/controllers/__init__.py
keystone/credential/backends/__init__.py
keystone/credential/__init__.py
keystone/db/__init__.py
keystone/db/sqlalchemy/api/__init__.py
keystone/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
keystone/frontends/__init__.py
keystone/hacking/__init__.py
keystone/identity/backends/__init__.py
keystone/identity/backends/ldap/__init__.py
keystone/identity/id_generators/__init__.py
keystone/identity/__init__.py
keystone/identity/mapping_backends/__init__.py
keystone/__init__.py
keystonelight/backends/__init__.py
keystonelight/backends/sql/__init__.py
keystonelight/backends/sql/migrate_repo/__init__.py
keystonelight/backends/sql/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
keystonelight/__init__.py
keystone/logic/__init__.py
keystone/logic/types/__init__.py
keystone/manage2/commands/__init__.py
keystone/manage2/__init__.py
keystone/manage/__init__.py
keystone/managers/__init__.py
keystone/middleware/__init__.py
keystone/models/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
keystone/openstack/__init__.py
keystone/policy/backends/__init__.py
keystone/policy/__init__.py
keystone/queryext/__init__.py
keystone/routers/__init__.py
keystone/token/backends/__init__.py
keystone/token/__init__.py
keystone/token/persistence/backends/__init__.py
keystone/token/persistence/__init__.py
keystone/token/providers/__init__.py
keystone/trust/backends/__init__.py
keystone/trust/__init__.py
>>> kite/other.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kite/api/__init__.py
kite/api/v1/controllers/__init__.py
kite/api/v1/__init__.py
kite/api/v1/models/__init__.py
kite/cli/__init__.py
kite/common/__init__.py
kite/db/__init__.py
kite/db/kvs/__init__.py
kite/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
kite/__init__.py
kite/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
kite/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
kite/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
kite/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
kite/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
kite/openstack/common/__init__.py
kite/openstack/__init__.py
>>> trove/other.txt: 100 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reddwarf/api/database/contrib/__init__.py
reddwarf/api/database/__init__.py
reddwarf/api/database/views/__init__.py
reddwarf/api/__init__.py
reddwarf/backup/__init__.py
reddwarf/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/database/__init__.py
reddwarf/db/__init__.py
reddwarf/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
reddwarf/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
reddwarf/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
reddwarf/dns/__init__.py
reddwarf/dns/rsdns/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/account/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/mgmt/host/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/mgmt/host/instance/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/mgmt/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/mgmt/instances/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/mgmt/quota/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/mgmt/volume/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/mysql/__init__.py
reddwarf/extensions/security_group/__init__.py
reddwarf/flavor/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/backup/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/db/__init__.py
reddwarf/guest-agent/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/manager/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/strategies/backup/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/strategies/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/strategies/restore/__init__.py
reddwarf/guestagent/strategies/storage/__init__.py
reddwarf/__init__.py
reddwarf/instance/__init__.py
reddwarf/limits/__init__.py
reddwarf/openstack/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
reddwarf/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
reddwarf/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
reddwarf/openstack/__init__.py
reddwarf/quota/__init__.py
reddwarf/rpc/__init__.py
reddwarf/taskmanager/__init__.py
rsdns/client/__init__.py
rsdns/__init__.py
trove/backup/__init__.py
trove/cmd/__init__.py
trove/common/__init__.py
trove/common/rpc/__init__.py
trove/conductor/__init__.py
trove/configuration/__init__.py
trove/datastore/__init__.py
trove/db/__init__.py
trove/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
trove/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
trove/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
trove/dns/designate/__init__.py
trove/dns/__init__.py
trove/dns/rsdns/__init__.py
trove/extensions/account/__init__.py
trove/extensions/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mgmt/host/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mgmt/host/instance/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mgmt/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mgmt/instances/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mgmt/quota/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mgmt/upgrade/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mgmt/volume/__init__.py
trove/extensions/mysql/__init__.py
trove/extensions/routes/__init__.py
trove/extensions/security_group/__init__.py
trove/flavor/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/backup/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/common/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/datastore/cassandra/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/datastore/couchbase/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/datastore/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/datastore/mongodb/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/datastore/mysql/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/datastore/redis/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/db/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/manager/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/strategies/backup/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/strategies/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/strategies/restore/__init__.py
trove/guestagent/strategies/storage/__init__.py
trove/__init__.py
trove/instance/__init__.py
trove/limits/__init__.py
trove/network/__init__.py
trove/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
trove/openstack/common/__init__.py
trove/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
trove/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
trove/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
trove/openstack/__init__.py
trove/quota/__init__.py
trove/taskmanager/__init__.py
>>> sqlalchemy-migrate/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
migrate/changeset/databases/__init__.py
migrate/changeset/__init__.py
migrate/__init__.py
migrate/versioning/base/__init__.py
migrate/versioning/__init__.py
migrate/versioning/util/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfnclient/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat_cfnclient/common/__init__.py
heat_cfnclient/__init__.py
heat_cfnclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
heat_cfnclient/openstack/__init__.py
>>> meetbot/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
__init__.py
ircmeeting/__init__.py
MeetBot/__init__.py
Meeting/__init__.py
>>> oslo.config/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magic/__init__.py
magic/openstack/common/__init__.py
magic/openstack/__init__.py
oslo/config/__init__.py
oslo/__init__.py
>>> stacktach/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
__init__.py
reports/__init__.py
stacktach/__init__.py
stacktach/migrations/__init__.py
stacktach/reconciler/__init__.py
verifier/__init__.py
worker/__init__.py
>>> fuel-main/other.txt: 46 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devops/devops/driver/__init__.py
devops/devops/__init__.py
lib/provision/__init__.py
nailgun/api/handlers/__init__.py
nailgun/api/__init__.py
nailgun/fixtures/__init__.py
nailgun/helpers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/handlers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/serializers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/validators/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/validators/json_schema/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/validators/json_schemes/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/errors/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/fixtures/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/fsm/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/keepalive/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/network/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/orchestrator/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/plugin/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/provision/driver/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/provision/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/provision/model/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/rpc/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/serializers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/state_machines/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/task/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/taskmanager/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/templatetags/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/volumes/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/webui/__init__.py
nailgun/network/__init__.py
nailgun/provision/driver/__init__.py
nailgun/provision/__init__.py
nailgun/provision/model/__init__.py
nailgun/rpc/__init__.py
nailgun/settings/__init__.py
nailgun/webui/__init__.py
ngui/api/__init__.py
ngui/ngui/__init__.py
packages/rpm/dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/__init__.py
provision/provision/driver/__init__.py
provision/provision/__init__.py
provision/provision/model/__init__.py
shotgun/shotgun/__init__.py
>>> odsreg/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cfp/__init__.py
cfp/management/commands/__init__.py
cfp/management/__init__.py
__init__.py
scheduling/__init__.py
scheduling/management/commands/__init__.py
scheduling/management/__init__.py
>>> octavia/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
octavia/__init__.py
>>> libra/other.txt: 45 bladfafhafadfa.txt
lbaas/__init__.py
lbaas_mgm/__init__.py
lbaas_worker/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/controllers/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/controllers/v2/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/device_pool/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/expunge/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/library/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/model/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/stats/drivers/database/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/stats/drivers/datadog/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/stats/drivers/dummy/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/stats/drivers/__init__.py
libra/admin_api/stats/__init__.py
libra/api/controllers/__init__.py
libra/api/__init__.py
libra/api/library/__init__.py
libra/api/model/__init__.py
libra/client/__init__.py
libra/common/api/__init__.py
libra/common/__init__.py
libra/gear/__init__.py
libra/__init__.py
libra/mgm/controllers/__init__.py
libra/mgm/drivers/dummy/__init__.py
libra/mgm/drivers/hp_rest/__init__.py
libra/mgm/drivers/__init__.py
libra/mgm/__init__.py
libra/mgm/schedulers/__init__.py
libra/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
libra/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
libra/openstack/common/__init__.py
libra/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
libra/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
libra/openstack/__init__.py
libra/statsd/drivers/datadog/__init__.py
libra/statsd/drivers/dummy/__init__.py
libra/statsd/drivers/hp_rest/__init__.py
libra/statsd/drivers/__init__.py
libra/statsd/__init__.py
libra/worker/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
libra/worker/drivers/__init__.py
libra/worker/__init__.py
>>> python-troveclient/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reddwarfclient/__init__.py
troveclient/compat/__init__.py
troveclient/__init__.py
troveclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
troveclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
troveclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
troveclient/openstack/__init__.py
troveclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> oslo.serialization/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/__init__.py
oslo/serialization/__init__.py
oslo/serialization/openstack/common/__init__.py
oslo/serialization/openstack/__init__.py
>>> osprofiler/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
osprofiler/cmd/__init__.py
osprofiler/__init__.py
osprofiler/_notifiers/__init__.py
osprofiler/parsers/__init__.py
>>> stevedore/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
stevedore/example/__init__.py
stevedore/__init__.py
>>> gerritlib/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gerritlib/__init__.py
gerritlib/openstack/common/__init__.py
gerritlib/openstack/__init__.py
__init__.py
>>> oslo.db/other.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/common/db/__init__.py
openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/migration_cli/__init__.py
oslo/db/__init__.py
oslo/db/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/db/openstack/common/__init__.py
oslo/db/openstack/__init__.py
oslo/db/sqlalchemy/compat/__init__.py
oslo/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
oslo/db/sqlalchemy/migration_cli/__init__.py
oslo/__init__.py
>>> murano-dashboard/other.txt: 158 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
glazierdashboard/__init__.py
glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
muranodashboard/api/__init__.py
muranodashboard/catalog/__init__.py
muranodashboard/common/__init__.py
muranodashboard/dynamic_ui/__init__.py
muranodashboard/environments/__init__.py
muranodashboard/environments/services/__init__.py
muranodashboard/image_cache/__init__.py
muranodashboard/images/__init__.py
muranodashboard/__init__.py
muranodashboard/local/__init__.py
muranodashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
muranodashboard/openstack/__init__.py
muranodashboard/packages/__init__.py
muranodashboard/panel/__init__.py
muranodashboard/panel/services/__init__.py
muranodashboard/service_catalog/__init__.py
muranodashboard/stats/__init__.py
muranodashboard/templatetags/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
tabula/__init__.py
tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> zuul/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
zuul/cmd/__init__.py
zuul/__init__.py
zuul/launcher/__init__.py
zuul/lib/__init__.py
zuul/merger/__init__.py
zuul/openstack/common/__init__.py
zuul/openstack/__init__.py
zuul/reporter/__init__.py
zuul/trigger/__init__.py
>>> swift/other.txt: 13 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swift/account/__init__.py
swift/auth/__init__.py
swift/cli/__init__.py
swift/common/__init__.py
swift/common/middleware/__init__.py
swift/common/middleware/x_profile/__init__.py
swift/common/ring/__init__.py
swift/container/__init__.py
swift/__init__.py
swift/obj/__init__.py
swift/proxy/controllers/__init__.py
swift/proxy/__init__.py
swift/stats/__init__.py
>>> python-saharaclient/other.txt: 13 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharaclient/api/__init__.py
saharaclient/__init__.py
saharaclient/nova/__init__.py
saharaclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
saharaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
saharaclient/openstack/__init__.py
savannaclient/api/__init__.py
savannaclient/__init__.py
savannaclient/nova/__init__.py
savannaclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
savannaclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
savannaclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
savannaclient/openstack/__init__.py
>>> reviewstats/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reviewstats/cmd/__init__.py
reviewstats/__init__.py
>>> heat-translator/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat-translator/heat/__init__.py
heat-translator/tosca/__init__.py
translator/hot/__init__.py
translator/hot/syntax/__init__.py
translator/hot/tosca/__init__.py
translator/__init__.py
translator/toscalib/common/__init__.py
translator/toscalib/elements/__init__.py
translator/toscalib/__init__.py
>>> oslo-cookiecutter/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/oslo/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/oslo/__init__.py
package/my_proj/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/{{project.repo_name}}/__init__.py
repo_name/repo_name/__init__.py
>>> freezer/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
freezer/__init__.py
>>> compass-adapters/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
chef/cookbooks/python/src/10/splitting_a_module_into_multiple_files/mymodule/__init__.py
>>> os-cloud-config/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_cloud_config/cmd/__init__.py
os_cloud_config/__init__.py
os_cloud_config/openstack/common/__init__.py
os_cloud_config/openstack/__init__.py
>>> python-heatclient/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heatclient/common/__init__.py
heatclient/__init__.py
heatclient/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
heatclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
heatclient/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
heatclient/openstack/__init__.py
heatclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> cachemonkey/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cachemonkey/cmd/__init__.py
cachemonkey/fetcher/__init__.py
cachemonkey/__init__.py
cachemonkey/lister/__init__.py
cachemonkey/openstack/common/__init__.py
cachemonkey/openstack/__init__.py
cachemonkey/publisher/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-incubator/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/ext/__init__.py
>>> cloudcafe/other.txt: 205 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudcafe/auth/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/common/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/__init__.py
cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/v1/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/v1/volumes_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/v1/volumes_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/v1/volumes_api/models/requests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/v1/volumes_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/v2/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/common/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/models/requests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/__init__.py
cloudcafe/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/client_lib/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/client_lib/orders/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/client_lib/secrets/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/cli/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/cli/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/portcullis/__init__.py
cloudcafe/cloudkeep/portcullis/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/common/generators/identity/__init__.py
cloudcafe/common/generators/__init__.py
cloudcafe/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/common/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/cells_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/cells_api/model/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/common/clients/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/common/clients/remote_instance/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/common/clients/remote_instance/linux/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/common/clients/remote_instance/windows/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/common/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/config_drive/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/config_drive/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/extensions_api/clients/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/extensions_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/extensions_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/floating_ips_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/keypairs_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/keypairs_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/security_groups_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/security_groups_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/used_limits/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/used_limits/model/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/volumes_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/volumes_boot_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/extensions/volumes_boot_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/flavors_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/flavors_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/hosts_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/hosts_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors_api/model/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/xenserver/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/xenserver/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/images_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/images_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/limits_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/limits_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/quotas_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/quotas_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/servers_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/servers_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/volume_attachments_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/volume_attachments_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/volume_attachments_api/models/requests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/volume_attachments_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/database/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/rax_auth/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/rax_auth/v2_0/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/rax_auth/v2_0/tokens_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/rax_auth/v2_0/tokens_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/rax_auth/v2_0/tokens_api/models/requests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/rax_auth/v2_0/tokens_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/saio_tempauth/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/saio_tempauth/v1_0/__init__.py
cloudcafe/extensions/saio_tempauth/v1_0/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/common/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/hpidm/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/osksadm/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/osksadm/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/oskscatalog/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/osksec2/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/oskss3/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/osksvalidate/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/raxgrpadm/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/raxksgrp/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/raxkskey/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/extensions/raxksqa/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tokens_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tokens_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tokens_api/models/requests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tokens_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/users_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/users_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/users_api/models/responses/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v1_0/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v1_0/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v1/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v1/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v2_0/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v2_0/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v2/__init__.py
cloudcafe/images/v2/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/common/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/coordinator_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/coordinator_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/correlator_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/correlator_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/status_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/status_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/tenant_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/tenant_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/version_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/meniscus/version_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/floating_ips/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/health_monitor/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/listener/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/load_balancer/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/member/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/pool/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/health_monitor/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/listener/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/load_balancer/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/member/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/pool/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/health_monitor/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/listener/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/load_balancer/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/member/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/request/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/response/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/pool/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/session_persistence/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/nets_subnets_ports_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/networks/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/routers/__init__.py
cloudcafe/networking/subnets/__init__.py
cloudcafe/objectstorage/__init__.py
cloudcafe/objectstorage/objectstorage_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/objectstorage/objectstorage_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/openstackcli/cindercli/__init__.py
cloudcafe/openstackcli/cindercli/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/openstackcli/common/__init__.py
cloudcafe/openstackcli/common/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/openstackcli/__init__.py
cloudcafe/openstackcli/novacli/__init__.py
cloudcafe/openstackcli/novacli/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/stacktach/__init__.py
cloudcafe/stacktach/stacktach_db_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/stacktach/stacktach_db_api/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/stacktach/stacky_api/__init__.py
cloudcafe/stacktach/stacky_api/models/__init__.py
__init__.py
>>> bufunfa/other.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billistix/api/__init__.py
billistix/central/__init__.py
billistix/database/__init__.py
billistix/database/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
billistix/__init__.py
billistix/openstack/common/__init__.py
billistix/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
billistix/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
billistix/openstack/__init__.py
billistix/recorder/__init__.py
billistix/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/__init__.py
billistix/storage/__init__.py
billistix/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
bufunfa/api/__init__.py
bufunfa/central/__init__.py
bufunfa/__init__.py
bufunfa/openstack/common/__init__.py
bufunfa/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
bufunfa/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
bufunfa/openstack/__init__.py
bufunfa/recorder/__init__.py
bufunfa/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/__init__.py
bufunfa/storage/__init__.py
>>> packstack/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
packstack/__init__.py
packstack/installer/core/__init__.py
packstack/installer/__init__.py
packstack/modules/__init__.py
packstack/plugins/__init__.py
>>> monasca-ui/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cosmos/overcloud/__init__.py
__init__.py
monitoring/alarms/__init__.py
monitoring/api/__init__.py
monitoring/__init__.py
monitoring/notifications/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-qunit/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/qunit/__init__.py
>>> openvz-nova-driver/other.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/virt/openvz/file_ext/__init__.py
nova/virt/openvz/__init__.py
nova/virt/openvz/migration_drivers/__init__.py
nova/virt/openvz/network_drivers/__init__.py
nova/virt/openvz/volume_drivers/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/openvz/file_ext/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/openvz/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/openvz/migration_drivers/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/openvz/network_drivers/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/openvz/volume_drivers/__init__.py
>>> os-refresh-config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_refresh_config/__init__.py
>>> fuel-web/other.txt: 99 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devops/devops/driver/__init__.py
devops/devops/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/build/lib/dhcp_checker/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/cmd/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/drivers/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/objects/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/openstack/common/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/openstack/__init__.py
fuelclient/fuelclient/cli/actions/__init__.py
fuelclient/fuelclient/cli/__init__.py
fuelclient/fuelclient/__init__.py
fuelclient/fuelclient/objects/__init__.py
fuelclient/__init__.py
fuel_development/configurator/__init__.py
fuelmenu/build/lib/fuelmenu/common/__init__.py
fuelmenu/build/lib/fuelmenu/__init__.py
fuelmenu/common/__init__.py
fuelmenu/fuelmenu/common/__init__.py
fuelmenu/fuelmenu/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_update_downloader/fuel_update_downloader/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_upgrade/fuel_upgrade/engines/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_upgrade/fuel_upgrade/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_upgrade/fuel_upgrade/pre_upgrade_hooks/__init__.py
lib/provision/__init__.py
nailgun/api/handlers/__init__.py
nailgun/api/__init__.py
nailgun/fixtures/__init__.py
nailgun/helpers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/handlers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/models/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/serializers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/urls/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/v1/handlers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/v1/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/v1/validators/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/v1/validators/json_schema/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/validators/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/validators/json_schema/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/api/validators/json_schemes/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/assassin/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/db/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/db/migration/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/db/sqlalchemy/models/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/errors/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/fake_keystone/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/fixtures/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/fsm/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/keepalive/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/middleware/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/network/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/objects/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/objects/serializers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/openstack/common/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/openstack/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/orchestrator/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/plugin/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/provision/driver/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/provision/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/provision/model/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/rpc/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/serializers/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/state_machines/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/task/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/taskmanager/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/templatetags/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/volumes/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/webui/__init__.py
nailgun/network/__init__.py
nailgun/provision/driver/__init__.py
nailgun/provision/__init__.py
nailgun/provision/model/__init__.py
nailgun/rpc/__init__.py
nailgun/settings/__init__.py
nailgun/webui/__init__.py
network_checker/dhcp_checker/__init__.py
network_checker/net_check/__init__.py
network_checker/network_checker/__init__.py
network_checker/network_checker/multicast/__init__.py
network_checker/network_checker/net_check/__init__.py
ngui/api/__init__.py
ngui/ngui/__init__.py
packages/rpm/dhcp-checker/build/lib/dhcp_checker/__init__.py
packages/rpm/dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/__init__.py
packages/rpm/fuelmenu/build/lib/fuelmenu/common/__init__.py
packages/rpm/fuelmenu/build/lib/fuelmenu/__init__.py
packages/rpm/fuelmenu/fuelmenu/common/__init__.py
packages/rpm/fuelmenu/fuelmenu/__init__.py
provision/provision/driver/__init__.py
provision/provision/__init__.py
provision/provision/model/__init__.py
shotgun/shotgun/__init__.py
>>> python-kiteclient/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kiteclient/cli/__init__.py
kiteclient/common/__init__.py
kiteclient/__init__.py
kiteclient/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
kiteclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
kiteclient/openstack/__init__.py
kiteclient/v1/__init__.py
>>> mistral/other.txt: 43 bladfafhafadfa.txt
concepts/__init__.py
mistral/actions/__init__.py
mistral/actions/openstack/action_generator/__init__.py
mistral/actions/openstack/__init__.py
mistral/api/controllers/__init__.py
mistral/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
mistral/api/hooks/__init__.py
mistral/api/__init__.py
mistralclient/api/__init__.py
mistralclient/__init__.py
mistral/cmd/__init__.py
mistral/db/__init__.py
mistral/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
mistral/db/v1/__init__.py
mistral/db/v1/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
mistral/db/v2/__init__.py
mistral/db/v2/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
mistral-demo-app/demo_app/api/controllers/__init__.py
mistral-demo-app/demo_app/api/__init__.py
mistral-demo-app/demo_app/cmd/__init__.py
mistral-demo-app/demo_app/__init__.py
mistral/engine1/__init__.py
mistral/engine/actions/__init__.py
mistral/engine/drivers/default/__init__.py
mistral/engine/drivers/__init__.py
mistral/engine/__init__.py
mistral/engine/local/__init__.py
mistral/engine/scalable/executor/__init__.py
mistral/engine/scalable/__init__.py
mistral/engine/single/__init__.py
mistral/__init__.py
mistral/openstack/common/apiclient/__init__.py
mistral/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
mistral/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
mistral/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
mistral/openstack/common/__init__.py
mistral/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
mistral/openstack/__init__.py
mistral/services/__init__.py
mistral/workbook/__init__.py
mistral/workbook/v1/__init__.py
mistral/workbook/v2/__init__.py
mistral/workflow/__init__.py
>>> reviewday/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reviewday/__init__.py
>>> hacking/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
hacking/checks/__init__.py
hacking/__init__.py
>>> occi-os/other.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/backends/__init__.py
api/compute/__init__.py
api/extensions/__init__.py
api/__init__.py
api/network/__init__.py
api/storage/__init__.py
nova_glue/__init__.py
occi_os_api/backends/__init__.py
occi_os_api/extensions/__init__.py
occi_os_api/__init__.py
occi_os_api/nova_glue/__init__.py
>>> swiftsync/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
common/__init__.py
middlewares/__init__.py
swsync/__init__.py
swsync/openstack/common/__init__.py
swsync/openstack/__init__.py
sync/__init__.py
sync/openstack/common/__init__.py
sync/openstack/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-angular-cookies/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/angular_cookies/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
>>> os-collect-config/other.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cornfig/__init__.py
os_apply_config/__init__.py
os_collect_config/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/deprecated/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/scheduler/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/common/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
os_collect_config/openstack/__init__.py
os_config_applier/__init__.py
>>> sahara-guestagent/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sahara/guestagent/__init__.py
sahara/guestagent/openstack/common/__init__.py
sahara/guestagent/openstack/__init__.py
sahara/__init__.py
savanna/guestagent/__init__.py
savanna/guestagent/openstack/common/__init__.py
savanna/guestagent/openstack/__init__.py
savanna/__init__.py
>>> ironic-python-agent/other.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic_python_agent/api/controllers/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/api/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/cmd/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/extensions/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/openstack/common/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/openstack/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/shell/__init__.py
teeth_agent/api/controllers/__init__.py
teeth_agent/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
teeth_agent/api/__init__.py
teeth_agent/cmd/__init__.py
teeth_agent/__init__.py
teeth/agent/__init__.py
teeth_agent/openstack/common/__init__.py
teeth_agent/openstack/__init__.py
teeth_agent/shell/__init__.py
teeth/__init__.py
>>> designate/other.txt: 79 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/designate-ext-samplehandler/designate_ext_samplehandler/__init__.py
contrib/designate-ext-samplehandler/designate_ext_samplehandler/notification_handler/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/dns_clients/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/dns_clients/json/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/dns_schema/__init__.py
designate/agent/__init__.py
designate/api/__init__.py
designate/api/v1/extensions/__init__.py
designate/api/v1/__init__.py
designate/api/v2/controllers/extensions/__init__.py
designate/api/v2/controllers/__init__.py
designate/api/v2/__init__.py
designate/api/v2/views/extensions/__init__.py
designate/api/v2/views/__init__.py
designate/backend/impl_ipa/__init__.py
designate/backend/impl_powerdns/__init__.py
designate/backend/impl_powerdns/migrate_repo/__init__.py
designate/backend/impl_powerdns/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
designate/backend/__init__.py
designate/central/__init__.py
designate/cmd/__init__.py
designate/hacking/__init__.py
designate/__init__.py
designate/manage/__init__.py
designate/mdns/__init__.py
designate/network_api/__init__.py
designate/notification_handler/__init__.py
designate/objects/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/fixture/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
designate/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
designate/openstack/deprecated/__init__.py
designate/openstack/__init__.py
designate/quota/__init__.py
designate/schema/__init__.py
designate/sink/__init__.py
designate/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
designate/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/__init__.py
designate/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
designate/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
designate/storage/__init__.py
moniker/agent/__init__.py
moniker/api/__init__.py
moniker/api/v1/extensions/__init__.py
moniker/api/v1/__init__.py
moniker/backend/impl_powerdns/__init__.py
moniker/backend/impl_powerdns/migrate_repo/__init__.py
moniker/backend/impl_powerdns/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
moniker/backend/__init__.py
moniker/central/__init__.py
moniker/cli/__init__.py
moniker/database/__init__.py
moniker/database/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
moniker/database/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
moniker/database/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
moniker/__init__.py
moniker/manage/__init__.py
moniker/notification_handler/__init__.py
moniker/openstack/common/__init__.py
moniker/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
moniker/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
moniker/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
moniker/openstack/__init__.py
moniker/quota/__init__.py
moniker/sink/__init__.py
moniker/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
moniker/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/__init__.py
moniker/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
moniker/storage/impl_sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
moniker/storage/__init__.py
moniker/storage/sqla/__init__.py
moniker/storage/sqla/migrate_repo/__init__.py
moniker/storage/sqla/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
>>> xstatic-jquery.tablesorter/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/__init__.py
xstatic/pkg/jquery_tablesorter/__init__.py
>>> murano-tests/other.txt: 145 bladfafhafadfa.txt
api/glazierapi/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/middleware/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/api/v1/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/openstack/__init__.py
boffin/build/lib/Boffin/__init__.py
boffin/build/lib/Boffin/keywords/__init__.py
boffin/src/Boffin/__init__.py
boffin/src/Boffin/keywords/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/commands/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
conductor/conductor/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/glazierdashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/browsers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/dash_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/conf/panel_template/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/forms/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/commands/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/management/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tables/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/tabs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/templatetags/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/api/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/extras/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/flavors/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/info/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/projects/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/users/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/admin/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/api_access/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/floating_ips/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/keypairs/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/access_and_security/security_groups/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/containers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/images/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/images_and_snapshots/volume_snapshots/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/instances/workflows/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/loadbalancers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/networks/subnets/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/network_topology/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/overview/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/routers/ports/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/volumes/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/project/windc/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/dashboards/settings/user/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/local/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/usage/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/local/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/common/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/__init__.py
dashboard/windcclient/v1/__init__.py
dashboard/windc/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/middleware/__init__.py
portas/portas/api/v1/__init__.py
portas/portas/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
portas/portas/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
portas/portas/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/glazierclient/v1/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/common/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/openstack/__init__.py
python-portasclient/portasclient/v1/__init__.py
selenium/features/__init__.py
selenium/features/steps/boffin/__init__.py
selenium/features/steps/__init__.py
selenium/__init__.py
selenium-old/features/__init__.py
selenium-old/features/steps/boffin/__init__.py
selenium-old/features/steps/__init__.py
selenium-old/__init__.py
selenium/steps/boffin/__init__.py
selenium/steps/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/local/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/common/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/openstack/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/tabula/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/windc/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/__init__.py
windc/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
windc/openstack/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/__init__.py
windc/openstack/oldcommon/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/middleware/__init__.py
windc/windc/api/v1/__init__.py
windc/windc/common/__init__.py
windc/windc/core/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/__init__.py
windc/windc/db/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
windc/windc/drivers/__init__.py
windc/windc/__init__.py
>>> compass-core/other.txt: 26 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/__init__.py
compass/actions/health_check/__init__.py
compass/actions/__init__.py
compass/apiclient/__init__.py
compass/api/__init__.py
compass/config_management/__init__.py
compass/config_management/installers/__init__.py
compass/config_management/installers/plugins/__init__.py
compass/config_management/providers/__init__.py
compass/config_management/providers/plugins/__init__.py
compass/db/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/appliance/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/appliance/plugins/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/hp/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/hp/plugins/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/huawei/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/huawei/plugins/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/ovswitch/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/ovswitch/plugins/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/pica8/__init__.py
compass/hdsdiscovery/vendors/pica8/plugins/__init__.py
compass/__init__.py
compass/log_analyzor/__init__.py
compass/tasks/__init__.py
>>> solum-dashboard/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumdashboard/api/__init__.py
solumdashboard/applications/__init__.py
solumdashboard/applications/workflows/__init__.py
solumdashboard/assemblies/__init__.py
solumdashboard/__init__.py
solumdashboard/openstack/common/__init__.py
solumdashboard/openstack/__init__.py
>>> jenkins-job-builder/other.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jenkins_jobs/__init__.py
jenkins_jobs/modules/__init__.py
jenkins_jobs/openstack/common/__init__.py
jenkins_jobs/openstack/__init__.py
jenkins_jobs/sphinx/__init__.py
modules/__init__.py
>>> cinder/other.txt: 85 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/api/__init__.py
cinder/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/compute/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/compute/views/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/api/openstack/volume/views/__init__.py
cinder/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/api/v2/views/__init__.py
cinder/api/views/__init__.py
cinder/backup/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/backup/__init__.py
cinder/backup/services/__init__.py
cinder/brick/initiator/__init__.py
cinder/brick/__init__.py
cinder/brick/iscsi/__init__.py
cinder/brick/iser/__init__.py
cinder/brick/local_dev/__init__.py
cinder/brick/remotefs/__init__.py
cinder/common/__init__.py
cinder/compat/__init__.py
cinder/compute/__init__.py
cinder/db/__init__.py
cinder/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
cinder/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
cinder/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
cinder/hacking/__init__.py
cinder/image/__init__.py
cinder/__init__.py
cinder/keymgr/__init__.py
cinder/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/config/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/crypto/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/rootwrap/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/common/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
cinder/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/rootwrap/__init__.py
cinder/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
cinder/scheduler/flows/__init__.py
cinder/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/scheduler/weights/__init__.py
cinder/taskflow/__init__.py
cinder/taskflow/patterns/__init__.py
cinder/transfer/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/emc/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/hds/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/huawei/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/ibm/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/ibm/storwize_svc/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/netapp/eseries/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/nexenta/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/prophetstor/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/san/hp/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/san/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/vmware/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/windows/__init__.py
cinder/volume/drivers/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/volume/flows/api/__init__.py
cinder/volume/flows/create_volume/__init__.py
cinder/volume/flows/__init__.py
cinder/volume/flows/manager/__init__.py
cinder/volume/__init__.py
cinder/volume/nexenta/__init__.py
cinder/volume/san/__init__.py
cinder/volume/targets/__init__.py
cinder/volume/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/zonemanager/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
cinder/zonemanager/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/zonemanager/__init__.py
doc/ext/__init__.py
>>> powervc-driver/other.txt: 30 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder-powervc/powervc/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/powervc/volume/driver/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/powervc/volume/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/powervc/volume/manager/__init__.py
common-powervc/powervc/common/client/extensions/__init__.py
common-powervc/powervc/common/client/__init__.py
common-powervc/powervc/common/client/patch/__init__.py
common-powervc/powervc/common/__init__.py
common-powervc/powervc/__init__.py
glance-powervc/powervc/glance/common/__init__.py
glance-powervc/powervc/glance/__init__.py
glance-powervc/powervc/glance/manager/__init__.py
glance-powervc/powervc/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/powervc/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/powervc/neutron/agent/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/powervc/neutron/api/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/powervc/neutron/client/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/powervc/neutron/common/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/powervc/neutron/db/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/powervc/neutron/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/cmd/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/common/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/compute/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/virt/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/virt/powervc/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/virt/powervc/sync/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/extension/__init__.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/__init__.py
>>> pyghmi/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ipmi/__init__.py
ipmi/private/__init__.py
pyghmi/__init__.py
pyghmi/ipmi/__init__.py
pyghmi/ipmi/private/__init__.py
>>> solum-infra-guestagent/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solum_guestagent/__init__.py
>>> blazar-nova/other.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
blazarnova/api/extensions/__init__.py
blazarnova/api/__init__.py
blazarnova/__init__.py
blazarnova/openstack/common/__init__.py
blazarnova/openstack/__init__.py
blazarnova/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
blazarnova/scheduler/__init__.py
climatenova/api/extensions/__init__.py
climatenova/api/__init__.py
climatenova/filters/__init__.py
climatenova/__init__.py
climatenova/openstack/common/__init__.py
climatenova/openstack/__init__.py
climatenova/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
climatenova/scheduler/__init__.py
>>> python-congressclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congressclient/__init__.py
>>> healthnmon/other.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
healthnmon/api/__init__.py
healthnmon/collector/__init__.py
healthnmon/common/__init__.py
healthnmon/db/__init__.py
healthnmon/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
healthnmon/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
healthnmon/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
healthnmon/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/notifier/__init__.py
healthnmon/openstack/common/__init__.py
healthnmon/openstack/__init__.py
healthnmon/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/profiler/__init__.py
healthnmon/resourcemodel/__init__.py
healthnmon/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
healthnmon/virtproxy/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/virtproxy/__init__.py
healthnmon/virtproxy/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/virtproxy/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/virtproxy/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf-plugin/other.txt: 26 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/__init__.py
core/api/controllers/__init__.py
core/api/__init__.py
core/common/__init__.py
core/__init__.py
core/parser/__init__.py
core/storage/__init__.py
core/storage/sql/__init__.py
core/transport/__init__.py
core/wsgi/controllers/__init__.py
core/wsgi/__init__.py
functional/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/common/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/nose_adapter/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/nose_plugin/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/storage/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/storage/migrations/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/storage/sql/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/storage/sql/migrations/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/storage/sql/migrations/versions/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/transport/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/wsgi/controllers/__init__.py
ostf_adapter/wsgi/__init__.py
ostf_client/__init__.py
ostf_client/ostf_client/__init__.py
>>> gce-api/other.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gceapi/api/__init__.py
gceapi/cmd/__init__.py
gceapi/db/__init__.py
gceapi/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
gceapi/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/__init__.py
gceapi/db/sqlalchemy/migrate_repo/versions/__init__.py
gceapi/__init__.py
gceapi/openstack/common/db/__init__.py
gceapi/openstack/common/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
gceapi/openstack/common/__init__.py
gceapi/openstack/common/py3kcompat/__init__.py
gceapi/openstack/__init__.py
>>> identity-api/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/extensions/__init__.pyc
openstack-identity-api/src/docbkx/contrib/__init__.pyc
>>> python-manilaclient/other.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.venv/lib/python2.7/distutils/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/_fixtures/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/arguments/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/commands/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/repository/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/ui/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/matchers/__init__.pyc
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/testresult/__init__.pyc
manilaclient/__init__.pyc
manilaclient/openstack/common/__init__.pyc
manilaclient/openstack/__init__.pyc
manilaclient/v1/contrib/__init__.pyc
manilaclient/v1/__init__.pyc
>>> tuskar-ui-extras/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskar_sat_ui/api/__init__.pyc
tuskar_sat_ui/infrastructure/__init__.pyc
tuskar_sat_ui/infrastructure/nodes/__init__.pyc
tuskar_sat_ui/__init__.pyc
tuskar_ui/api/__init__.pyc
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/__init__.pyc
tuskar_ui/infrastructure/nodes/__init__.pyc
tuskar_ui/__init__.pyc
>>> monasca-agent/other.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monagent/checks.d/__init__.pyc
monagent/checks/__init__.pyc
monagent/checks/libs/httplib2/__init__.pyc
monagent/checks/libs/__init__.pyc
monagent/checks/system/__init__.pyc
monagent/compat/__init__.pyc
monagent/monapi/__init__.pyc
monagent/resources/__init__.pyc
monagent/yaml/__init__.pyc
>>> pecan/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pecan/__init__.pyc
>>> taskflow/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
taskflow/common/__init__.pyc
taskflow/db/__init__.pyc
taskflow/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.pyc
taskflow/__init__.pyc
>>> sqlalchemy-migrate/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
migrate/__init__.pyc
>>> python-heatclient/other.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heatclient/common/__init__.pyc
heatclient/__init__.pyc
heatclient/openstack/common/__init__.pyc
heatclient/openstack/__init__.pyc
heatclient/v1/__init__.pyc
>>> monasca-ui/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monitoring/api/__init__.pyc
>>> murano-tests/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
selenium/steps/__init__.pyc
>>> monasca-agent/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
packaging/mon-agent/source/install_agent.sh
packaging/mon-agent/source/setup_agent.sh
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/build.txt: 32 bladfafhafadfa.txt
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/composer.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/constructor.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/cyaml.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/dumper.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/emitter.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/error.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/events.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/loader.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/nodes.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/parser.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/reader.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/representer.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/resolver.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/scanner.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/serializer.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.linux-x86_64-2.7/yaml/tokens.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/composer.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/constructor.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/cyaml.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/dumper.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/emitter.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/error.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/events.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/loader.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/nodes.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/parser.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/reader.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/representer.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/resolver.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/scanner.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/serializer.py
libs/PyYAML-3.10/build/lib.win-amd64-3.3/yaml/tokens.py
>>> monasca-agent/build.txt: 48 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jahmon/yaml/composer.py
jahmon/yaml/constructor.py
jahmon/yaml/cyaml.py
jahmon/yaml/dumper.py
jahmon/yaml/emitter.py
jahmon/yaml/error.py
jahmon/yaml/events.py
jahmon/yaml/loader.py
jahmon/yaml/nodes.py
jahmon/yaml/parser.py
jahmon/yaml/reader.py
jahmon/yaml/representer.py
jahmon/yaml/resolver.py
jahmon/yaml/scanner.py
jahmon/yaml/serializer.py
jahmon/yaml/tokens.py
monagent/yaml/composer.py
monagent/yaml/constructor.py
monagent/yaml/cyaml.py
monagent/yaml/dumper.py
monagent/yaml/emitter.py
monagent/yaml/error.py
monagent/yaml/events.py
monagent/yaml/loader.py
monagent/yaml/nodes.py
monagent/yaml/parser.py
monagent/yaml/reader.py
monagent/yaml/representer.py
monagent/yaml/resolver.py
monagent/yaml/scanner.py
monagent/yaml/serializer.py
monagent/yaml/tokens.py
yaml/composer.py
yaml/constructor.py
yaml/cyaml.py
yaml/dumper.py
yaml/emitter.py
yaml/error.py
yaml/events.py
yaml/loader.py
yaml/nodes.py
yaml/parser.py
yaml/reader.py
yaml/representer.py
yaml/resolver.py
yaml/scanner.py
yaml/serializer.py
yaml/tokens.py
>>> jenkins-job-builder/build.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jenkins_jobs/local_yaml.py
jenkins_jobs/sphinx/yaml.py
>>> nova/other.txt: 184 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/benchmarks/buffering_mixin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/banana.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/deferreds.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/linereceiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/task.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/timer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/development/listings/new_module_template.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/bananabench.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/courier.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/cred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/dbcred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/filewatch.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/gpsfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/mouse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbechoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbecho.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pb_exceptions.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbgtk2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbinterop.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimple.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/postfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ptyserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pyuidemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/rotatinglog.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_util.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shaper.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shoutcast.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdiodemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/blockingdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/Twistzilla.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/pygamedemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxacceptance.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1a.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1b.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex3.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex4.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex5.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex6.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex7.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex8.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/synch-validation.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb7client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/process.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/quotes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/trueandfalse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquoteclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoteproto.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoters.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger01.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger02.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger03.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger04.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger05.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger06.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger07.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger08.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger09.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger10.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19a_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19b_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19c_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger22.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger_config.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/finger.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerPBclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/tap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerXRclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/twisted/plugins/finger_tutorial.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-bad-adding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-chaining.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferexex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-forwarding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing0.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-server1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-slides.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/twisted-internet/twisted-internet.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/lore/howto/listings/lore/a_lore_plugin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/imap4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/smtpclient_tls.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/dns-service.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/gethostbyname.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/pair/examples/pairudp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/advogato.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/dlpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/fortune.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/getpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/google.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/hello.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/httpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/lj.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/proxy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/report.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/rootscript.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/silly-web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/soap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/users.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/vhost.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/webguard.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpcclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpc.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/request.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/response.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/sendbody.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/stringprod.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/xmlAndSoapQuote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/aimbot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/cursesclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/ircLogBot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/jabber_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/minchat.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/msn_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/oscardemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/pb_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/xmpp_client.py
>>> python-ganttclient/other.txt: 184 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/benchmarks/buffering_mixin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/banana.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/deferreds.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/linereceiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/task.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/timer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/development/listings/new_module_template.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/bananabench.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/courier.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/cred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/dbcred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/filewatch.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/gpsfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/mouse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbechoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbecho.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pb_exceptions.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbgtk2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbinterop.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimple.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/postfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ptyserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pyuidemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/rotatinglog.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_util.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shaper.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shoutcast.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdiodemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/blockingdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/Twistzilla.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/pygamedemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxacceptance.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1a.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1b.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex3.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex4.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex5.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex6.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex7.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex8.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/synch-validation.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb7client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/process.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/quotes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/trueandfalse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquoteclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoteproto.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoters.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger01.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger02.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger03.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger04.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger05.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger06.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger07.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger08.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger09.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger10.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19a_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19b_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19c_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger22.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger_config.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/finger.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerPBclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/tap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerXRclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/twisted/plugins/finger_tutorial.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-bad-adding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-chaining.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferexex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-forwarding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing0.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-server1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-slides.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/twisted-internet/twisted-internet.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/lore/howto/listings/lore/a_lore_plugin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/imap4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/smtpclient_tls.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/dns-service.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/gethostbyname.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/pair/examples/pairudp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/advogato.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/dlpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/fortune.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/getpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/google.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/hello.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/httpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/lj.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/proxy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/report.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/rootscript.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/silly-web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/soap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/users.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/vhost.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/webguard.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpcclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpc.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/request.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/response.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/sendbody.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/stringprod.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/xmlAndSoapQuote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/aimbot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/cursesclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/ircLogBot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/jabber_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/minchat.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/msn_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/oscardemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/pb_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/xmpp_client.py
>>> gantt/other.txt: 184 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/benchmarks/buffering_mixin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/banana.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/deferreds.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/linereceiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/task.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/timer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/development/listings/new_module_template.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/bananabench.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/courier.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/cred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/dbcred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/filewatch.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/gpsfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/mouse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbechoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbecho.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pb_exceptions.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbgtk2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbinterop.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimple.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/postfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ptyserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pyuidemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/rotatinglog.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_util.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shaper.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shoutcast.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdiodemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/blockingdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/Twistzilla.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/pygamedemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxacceptance.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1a.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1b.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex3.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex4.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex5.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex6.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex7.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex8.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/synch-validation.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb7client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/process.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/quotes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/trueandfalse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquoteclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoteproto.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoters.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger01.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger02.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger03.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger04.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger05.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger06.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger07.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger08.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger09.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger10.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19a_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19b_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19c_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger22.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger_config.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/finger.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerPBclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/tap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerXRclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/twisted/plugins/finger_tutorial.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-bad-adding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-chaining.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferexex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-forwarding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing0.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-server1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-slides.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/twisted-internet/twisted-internet.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/lore/howto/listings/lore/a_lore_plugin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/imap4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/smtpclient_tls.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/dns-service.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/gethostbyname.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/pair/examples/pairudp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/advogato.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/dlpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/fortune.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/getpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/google.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/hello.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/httpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/lj.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/proxy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/report.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/rootscript.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/silly-web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/soap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/users.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/vhost.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/webguard.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpcclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpc.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/request.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/response.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/sendbody.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/stringprod.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/xmlAndSoapQuote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/aimbot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/cursesclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/ircLogBot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/jabber_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/minchat.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/msn_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/oscardemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/pb_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/xmpp_client.py
>>> melange/other.txt: 184 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/benchmarks/buffering_mixin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/conch/examples/sshsimpleserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/banana.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/deferreds.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/linereceiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/task.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/timer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver_nt.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/benchmarks/tpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/development/listings/new_module_template.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ampserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/bananabench.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/courier.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/cred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/dbcred.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoclient_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_ssl.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/echoserv_udp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/filewatch.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ftpserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/gpsfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/longex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/mouse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbbenchserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbechoclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbecho.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pb_exceptions.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbgtk2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbinterop.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pbsimple.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/postfix.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/ptyserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/pyuidemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/rotatinglog.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/row_util.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shaper.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/shoutcast.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/simpleserv.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/stdiodemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/blockingdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/Cocoa/SimpleWebClient/Twistzilla.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/threadedselect/pygamedemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxacceptance.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/examples/wxdemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1a.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex1b.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex3.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex4.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex5.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex6.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex7.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex8.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/deferred_ex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/deferred/synch-validation.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/cache_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/chatserver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_classes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_receiver.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy2_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/copy_sender.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/exc_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb1server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb2server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb3server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb5server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6client2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb6server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pb7client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/pbAnonServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/pb/trap_server.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/process.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/quotes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/process/trueandfalse.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquoteclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/pbquote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoteproto.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quoters.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/TwistedQuotes/quotetap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastClient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/listings/udp/MulticastServer.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger01.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger02.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger03.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger04.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger05.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger06.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger07.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger08.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger09.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger10.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19a_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19b_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger19c_changes.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger22.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger_config.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/finger.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerPBclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/finger/tap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/fingerXRclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/core/howto/tutorial/listings/finger/twisted/plugins/finger_tutorial.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-bad-adding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-chaining.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-complex-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferexex.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-forwarding.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing0.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-listing2.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-failure.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/deferex/deferex-simple-raise.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-client1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-server1.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/pb/pb-slides.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/historic/2003/pycon/twisted-internet/twisted-internet.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/lore/howto/listings/lore/a_lore_plugin.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/imap4client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/mail/examples/smtpclient_tls.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/dns-service.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/names/examples/gethostbyname.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/pair/examples/pairudp.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/advogato.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/dlpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/fortune.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/getpage.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/google.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/hello.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/httpclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/lj.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/proxy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/report.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/rootscript.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/silly-web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/soap.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/users.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/vhost.rpy.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/webguard.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/web.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpcclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/examples/xmlrpc.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/request.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/response.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/sendbody.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/client/stringprod.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/web/howto/listings/xmlAndSoapQuote.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/aimbot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/cursesclient.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/ircLogBot.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/jabber_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/minchat.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/msn_example.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/oscardemo.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/pb_client.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/doc/words/examples/xmpp_client.py
>>> xstatic-jasmine/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-libraclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
libs/setuptools-2.2/docs/conf.py
setup.py
>>> oslo.version/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> solum/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> blazar/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sahara-dashboard/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> mistral-dashboard/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> nova/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tacker-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tomograph/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> stackalytics/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> openstack-qa/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> neutron-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> solum-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> git-upstream/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.rootwrap/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-designateclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> congress/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> git-review/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> horizon/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-bootstrap-datepicker/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-jsencrypt/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> murano-common/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> pycadf/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-hogan/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gnocchi/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.messaging/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gerrit-dash-creator/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> refstack/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-bootstrap-scss/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> swift-bench/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-glanceclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslotest/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> statusbot/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-melangeclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> neutron/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> storyboard/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-ceilometerclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> requests-mock/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> swift-ceph-backend/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> refstack-client/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> bindep/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> docs-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> monasca-notification/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> os-loganalyze/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tripleo-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-ironicclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> swift3/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-openstackclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sahara-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> swiftpolicy/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-blazarclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> zaqar/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> warm/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> heat/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> ospurge/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sahara-extra/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-keystoneclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> rubick/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gertty/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-d3/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-jenkins/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-magnetodbclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-zaqarclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> cinder-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.i18n/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-muranoclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-angular-mock/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> turbo-hipster/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> pbr/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> murano-metadataclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-rickshaw/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tempest/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> doc8/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-mistralclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> diskimage-builder/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> infra-manual/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-manilaclient/other.txt: 228 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/common/setup.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/archive_util.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha256.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha512.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/alias.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_egg.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_rpm.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_wininst.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_ext.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_py.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/develop.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/easy_install.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/egg_info.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_egg_info.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_lib.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_scripts.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/register.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/rotate.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/saveopts.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/sdist.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/setopt.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/test.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload_docs.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/compat.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/depends.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/dist.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/extension.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/package_index.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/py24compat.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/py27compat.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/sandbox.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/script template (dev).py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/script template.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/site-patch.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/ssl_support.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/doctest.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/py26compat.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/server.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_bdist_egg.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_build_ext.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_develop.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_dist_info.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_easy_install.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_egg_info.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_markerlib.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_packageindex.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_resources.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sandbox.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sdist.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_test.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_upload_docs.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/common/setup.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/archive_util.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha256.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha512.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/alias.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_egg.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_rpm.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_wininst.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_ext.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_py.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/develop.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/easy_install.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/egg_info.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_egg_info.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_lib.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_scripts.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/register.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/rotate.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/saveopts.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/sdist.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/setopt.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/test.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload_docs.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/compat.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/depends.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/dist.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/extension.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/package_index.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/py24compat.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/py27compat.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/sandbox.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/script template (dev).py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/script template.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/site-patch.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/ssl_support.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/doctest.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/py26compat.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/server.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_bdist_egg.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_build_ext.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_develop.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_dist_info.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_easy_install.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_egg_info.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_markerlib.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_packageindex.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_resources.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sandbox.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sdist.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_test.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_upload_docs.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/sphinx/setup_command.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/setuptools_command.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/test_setup.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/manilaclient/openstack/common/setup.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/archive_util.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha256.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha512.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/alias.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_egg.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_rpm.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_wininst.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_ext.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_py.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/develop.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/easy_install.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/egg_info.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_egg_info.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_lib.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_scripts.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/register.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/rotate.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/saveopts.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/sdist.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/setopt.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/test.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload_docs.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/compat.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/depends.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/dist.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/extension.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/package_index.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/py24compat.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/py27compat.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/sandbox.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/script template (dev).py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/script template.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/site-patch.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/ssl_support.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/doctest.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/py26compat.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/server.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_bdist_egg.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_build_ext.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_develop.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_dist_info.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_easy_install.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_egg_info.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_markerlib.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_packageindex.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_resources.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sandbox.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sdist.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_test.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_upload_docs.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/setup_command.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/setuptools_command.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/test_setup.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/archive_util.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha256.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha512.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/_sha.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/alias.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_egg.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_rpm.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/bdist_wininst.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_ext.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/build_py.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/develop.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/easy_install.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/egg_info.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_egg_info.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_lib.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/install_scripts.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/register.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/rotate.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/saveopts.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/sdist.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/setopt.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/test.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload_docs.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/upload.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/compat.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/depends.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/dist.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/extension.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/package_index.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/py24compat.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/py26compat.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/py27compat.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/sandbox.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/script template (dev).py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/script template.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/site-patch.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/ssl_support.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/doctest.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/py26compat.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/server.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_bdist_egg.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_build_ext.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_develop.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_dist_info.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_easy_install.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_egg_info.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_markerlib.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_packageindex.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_resources.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sandbox.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_sdist.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_test.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/test_upload_docs.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/version.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/sphinx/setup_command.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/setuptools_command.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/test_setup.py
setuptools_git-1.0-py2.7.egg/setuptools_git/utils.py
setup.py
>>> fuel-ostf/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> poppy/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tripleo-image-elements/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tuskar-ui-extras/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> monasca-agent/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monsetup/main.py
packaging/datadog-agent-rpm/setup-supervisor.py
setup.py
>>> oslosphinx/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> openstack-doc-tools/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> opencafe/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> mistral-extra/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> ceilometer-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.middleware/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> wsme/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gantt/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-swiftclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.vmware/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-jquery-migrate/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> keystonemiddleware/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> infra-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> melange/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> fuel-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-angular/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> rack/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> ec2-api/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> jeepyb/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo-incubator/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> openstack-nose/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.concurrency/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sahara/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> satori/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-jquery.bootstrap.wizard/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gear/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> nova-docker/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> subunit2sql/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> os-apply-config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> fuel-devops/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> nose-html-output/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tuskar/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> driverlog/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> heat-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-novaclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> murano/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> cliff/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tacker/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tooz/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tuskar-ui/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-cinderclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> kwapi/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> murano-conductor/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-barbicanclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> staccato/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> ceilometer/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> murano-agent/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> bugdaystats/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> entropy/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-tackerclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sphinxcontrib-docbookrestapi/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-jquery.quicksearch/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> monasca-ceilometer/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> cloudroast/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> pecan/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> release-tools/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> cloudkitty/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> bashate/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-spin/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> surveil/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> devstack-gate/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-openstacksdk/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> heat-cfntools/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> keystone-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> rally/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> magnetodb/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-tuskarclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> qa-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> taskflow/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> nova-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> elastic-recheck/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gerritbot/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> inception/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-monascaclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> manila/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-neutronclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> ironic-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> django_openstack_auth/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> ironic/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> glance.store/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> graffiti/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> nodepool/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> barbican-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.utils/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> murano-repository/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> pypi-mirror/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> governance/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tripleo-heat-templates/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> glance/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> logaas/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-opentsdbclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-solumclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> keystone/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> kite/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> trove/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sqlalchemy-migrate/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> heat-cfnclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> meetbot/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sahara-image-elements/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> stacktach/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> barbican/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> octavia/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> libra/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-troveclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.serialization/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> osprofiler/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> stevedore/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gerritlib/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> oslo.db/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> requirements/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> murano-dashboard/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> zuul/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> swift/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-saharaclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> reviewstats/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> zaqar-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> heat-translator/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> freezer/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> os-cloud-config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-heatclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> cachemonkey/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> billingstack/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> openstack-chef-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> tripleo-incubator/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> cloudcafe/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> bufunfa/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> anvil/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> packstack/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> monasca-ui/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> designate-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-qunit/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> openvz-nova-driver/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> os-refresh-config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-kiteclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> mistral/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> reviewday/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> hacking/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> occi-os/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> swiftsync/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> swift-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-angular-cookies/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> os-collect-config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sahara-guestagent/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> ironic-python-agent/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> designate/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> dib-utils/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-jquery.tablesorter/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> sahara-ci-config/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> compass-core/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> solum-dashboard/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> jenkins-job-builder/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> cinder/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> pyghmi/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> glance-specs/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> solum-infra-guestagent/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> blazar-nova/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> python-congressclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> healthnmon/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> fuel-ostf-plugin/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> gce-api/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
setup.py
>>> xstatic-jasmine/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
xstatic/pkg/jasmine/__init__.py
>>> python-libraclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
arbiter/tests/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/build/lib/icalendar/tests/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/src/icalendar/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.version/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/version/tests/__init__.py
pbr/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/public/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/v1/public/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/v1/public/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/common/__init__.py
solum/tests/common/rpc/__init__.py
solum/tests/conductor/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/conductor/__init__.py
solum/tests/deployer/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/deployer/__init__.py
solum/tests/__init__.py
solum/tests/objects/__init__.py
solum/tests/worker/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/worker/__init__.py
>>> blazar/test.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
climate/tests/api/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/oshosts/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v1/oshosts/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
climate/tests/__init__.py
climate/tests/inventory/__init__.py
climate/tests/manager/__init__.py
climate/tests/notification/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/instances/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/oshosts/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/inventory/__init__.py
tests_nova_scheduler/__init__.py
>>> sahara-dashboard/test.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharadashboard/tests/cluster_template_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/cluster_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/configs/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/image_registry_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/node_group_template_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/cluster_template_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/cluster_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/configs/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/image_registry_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/node_group_template_tests/__init__.py
>>> nova/test.txt: 92 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/ec2/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/plugins/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/plugins/v3/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/extensions/foxinsocks/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/rackspace/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/cells/__init__.py
nova/tests/cert/__init__.py
nova/tests/compute/__init__.py
nova/tests/compute/monitors/__init__.py
nova/tests/conductor/__init__.py
nova/tests/conductor/tasks/__init__.py
nova/tests/consoleauth/__init__.py
nova/tests/console/__init__.py
nova/tests/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/fake_loadables/__init__.py
nova/tests/glance/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/image/__init__.py
nova/tests/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/v3/__init__.py
nova/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
nova/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
nova/tests/network/__init__.py
nova/tests/network/security_group/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/objects/__init__.py
nova/tests/pci/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/servicegroup/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/mount/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/vfs/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/docker/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/powervm/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/client/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/image/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/imageupload/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/volume/encryptors/__init__.py
nova/tests/volume/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
smoketests/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
nova/testing/fake/__init__.py
nova/testing/__init__.py
>>> tacker-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> stackalytics/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> neutron-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> git-upstream/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
git_upstream/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.rootwrap/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-designateclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
designateclient/tests/__init__.py
monikerclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> congress/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congress/datasources/tests/__init__.py
congress/datasources/tests/unit/__init__.py
congress/dse/tests/__init__.py
congress/policy/tests/__init__.py
congress/tests/api/__init__.py
congress/tests/common/__init__.py
congress/tests/__init__.py
src/policy/tests/__init__.py
>>> git-review/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
git_review/tests/__init__.py
>>> horizon/test.txt: 45 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/test/customization/__init__.py
horizon/test/dummy_auth/__init__.py
horizon/test/__init__.py
horizon/test/jasmine/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/pages/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_panels/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_panels/plugin_panel/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_plugins/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_plugins/panel_config/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_plugins/panel_group_config/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
>>> murano-common/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
muranocommon/tests/helpers/__init__.py
muranocommon/tests/__init__.py
>>> pycadf/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pycadf/tests/audit/__init__.py
pycadf/tests/__init__.py
pycadf/tests/middleware/__init__.py
>>> gnocchi/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gnocchi/tests/__init__.py
>>> lodgeit/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unittest/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/utilities/__init__.py
>>> oslo.messaging/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/drivers/__init__.py
tests/executors/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/notify/__init__.py
tests/rpc/__init__.py
tests/unit/messaging/__init__.py
>>> refstack/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
refstack/tests/__init__.py
refstack/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> swift-bench/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-glanceclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> oslotest/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/test/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/test/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/unit/__init__.py
oslotest/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> gerrit/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
webapp/django/test/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/auth/tests/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/distapp/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/geoapp/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/layermap/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/relatedapp/__init__.py
>>> python-melangeclient/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
melange_client/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/unit/helper/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/unit/helper/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> neutron/test.txt: 149 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/nexus/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/test/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/test/nexus/__init__.py
client/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
client/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/cfg_agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/arista/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/mech_sriov/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/vshield/common/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/vshield/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/opencontrail/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/logging_noop/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/sriovnicagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/apiclient/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/nexus/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/ucs/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/nicira_nvp_plugin/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/tests/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/nicira/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/driver/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/driver/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
smoketests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> storyboard/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
storyboard/tests/api/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/db/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-ceilometerclient/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometerclient/tests/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> requests-mock/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
requests_mock/tests/__init__.py
>>> refstack-client/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> bindep/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bindep/tests/__init__.py
>>> docs-specs/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.pyc
>>> monasca-notification/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> os-loganalyze/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_loganalyze/tests/__init__.py
>>> novaimagebuilder/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
imagebuilder/api/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-specs/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tripleo-specs/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-ironicclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironicclient/tests/__init__.py
ironicclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> swift3/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swift3/test/__init__.py
swift3/test/unit/__init__.py
>>> python-openstackclient/test.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstackclient/tests/common/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/compute/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/v3/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/v1/lib/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/volume/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/volume/v1/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/identity/__init__.py
tests/image/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/volume/__init__.py
>>> sahara-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> swiftpolicy/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-blazarclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
climateclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> zaqar/test.txt: 48 bladfafhafadfa.txt
marconi/tests/common/__init__.py
marconi/tests/functional/__init__.py
marconi/tests/functional/util/__init__.py
marconi/tests/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/storage/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
marconi/tests/storage/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/claim/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/common/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/etc/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/messages/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/queue/__init__.py
marconi/tests/transport/__init__.py
marconi/tests/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/util/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/storage/__init__.py
tests/transport/__init__.py
tests/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/proxy/__init__.py
tests/unit/proxy/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/functional/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/storage/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
>>> warm/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
warm/tests/__init__.py
>>> heat/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/barbican/barbican/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker/docker/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker_plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker-plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker/tests/__init__.py
contrib/extraroute/extraroute/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_barbican/heat_barbican/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_keystoneclient_v2/heat_keystoneclient_v2/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_marconi/heat_marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi-plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/nova_flavor/nova_flavor/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/heat/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/rackspace/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/db/__init__.py
heat/tests/examples/__init__.py
heat/tests/functional/__init__.py
heat/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/unit/__init__.py
heat/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
heat/testing/fake/__init__.py
heat/testing/__init__.py
>>> ospurge/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ospurge/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-keystoneclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystoneclient/tests/apiclient/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/auth/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/generic/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/v2_0/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/v3/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v2_0/__init__.py
tests/v3/__init__.py
>>> python-jenkins/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> trove-integration/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/dns/__init__.py
tests/guest/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/api/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/dns/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/guest/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/openvz/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/reaper/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/recreates/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/smoke/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/util/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/volumes/__init__.py
tests/openvz/__init__.py
tests/reaper/__init__.py
tests/scheduler/__init__.py
tests/util/__init__.py
tests/volumes/__init__.py
>>> python-magnetodbclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magnetodbclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-zaqarclient/test.txt: 29 bladfafhafadfa.txt
marconiclient/tests/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/mock/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/queues/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/transport/__init__.py
tests/auth/__init__.py
tests/common/apiclient/auth/__init__.py
tests/common/apiclient/__init__.py
tests/common/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/queues/__init__.py
tests/functional/queues/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/auth/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/openstack/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/openstack/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/http/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/zmq/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/v1/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/http/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/zmq/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/mock/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/queues/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/transport/__init__.py
>>> fuel-library/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_test/ci/__init__.py
fuel_test/cobbler40/__init__.py
fuel_test/cobbler/__init__.py
fuel_test/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack_simple/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack_swift_compact/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack_swift/__init__.py
fuel_test/swift/__init__.py
>>> cinder-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.i18n/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-muranoclient/test.txt: 32 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
muranoclient/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/muranoclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> turbo-hipster/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/task_plugins/gate_real_db_upgrade/__init__.py
tests/task_plugins/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/tests/__init__.py
>>> pbr/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/packaging/tests/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/tests/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/tests/testpackage/d2to1_testpackage/__init__.py
pbr/tests/__init__.py
pbr/tests/testpackage/pbr_testpackage/__init__.py
>>> python-ganttclient/test.txt: 35 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
ganttclient/tests/__init__.py
ganttclient/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
nova/testing/fake/__init__.py
nova/testing/__init__.py
>>> tempest/test.txt: 32 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kong/tests/__init__.py
storm/tests/__init__.py
tempest/tests/boto/__init__.py
tempest/tests/cli/__init__.py
tempest/tests/cmd/__init__.py
tempest/tests/common/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/flavors/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/floating_ips/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/images/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/keypairs/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/limits/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/security_groups/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/servers/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/volumes/__init__.py
tempest/tests/files/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/admin/v3/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/v2/__init__.py
tempest/tests/__init__.py
tempest/tests/negative/__init__.py
tempest/tests/network/__init__.py
tempest/tests/object_storage/__init__.py
tempest/tests/stress/__init__.py
tempest/tests/volume/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/volume/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tempest/test_discover/__init__.py
>>> python-mistralclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
functionaltests/cli/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/client/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/client/v1/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/cli/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/cli/v1/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> diskimage-builder/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
diskimage_builder/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-manilaclient/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.pyc
tests/old/contrib/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/contrib/__init__.pyc
tests/old/v2/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/__init__.pyc
tests/old/v2/shares/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/shares/__init__.pyc
tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.pyc
tests/v1/shares/__init__.py
tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/v2/shares/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_health/tests/ha/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/heat/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/__init__.pyc
fuel_health/tests/platform_smoke_tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/platform_tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/sanity/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/sanity/__init__.pyc
fuel_health/tests/smoke/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/smoke/__init__.pyc
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/dependent_testsets/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/deployment_types_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/functional/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/functional/manual/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/unit/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/dummy_tests/deployment_types_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/manual/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/unit/__init__.py
fuel/tests/__init__.py
fuel/tests/sanity/__init__.py
fuel/tests/smoke/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/__init__.py
>>> poppy/test.txt: 33 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cdn/tests/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/services/__init__.py
tests/functional/base/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/manager/default/__init__.py
tests/functional/manager/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/controllers/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/hooks/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/pecan_app/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/validator/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/validator/pecan_app/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_validator/pecan_app/__init__.py
tests/unit/base/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/manager/default/__init__.py
tests/unit/manager/__init__.py
tests/unit/model/helpers/__init__.py
tests/unit/model/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/fastly/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/mock/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/sample/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/cassandra/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/mockdb/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/falcon/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/pecan/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-image-elements/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
elements/os-svc-install/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> monasca-agent/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jahmon/tests/__init__.py
monagent/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> opencafe/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cafe/drivers/unittest/__init__.py
cafe/drivers/unittest/loaders/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/drivers/unittest/__init__.py
cafe/tests/common/__init__.py
cafe/tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
cafe/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
cafe/tests/engine/__init__.py
cafe/tests/__init__.py
cafe/tests/resources/__init__.py
cafe/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
plugins/http/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
plugins/http/tests/engine/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/tests/resources/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
tests/common/__init__.py
tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
tests/engine/http/__init__.py
tests/engine/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/resources/__init__.py
tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
tests/tests/common/__init__.py
tests/tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
tests/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
tests/tests/engine/__init__.py
tests/tests/__init__.py
tests/tests/resources/__init__.py
tests/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
>>> ceilometer-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.middleware/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> wsme/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/pecantest/test/controllers/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/model/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/tests/__init__.py
ews/tests/__init__.py
wsmeext/tests/__init__.py
wsme/tests/__init__.py
>>> gantt/test.txt: 37 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
gantt/tests/image/__init__.py
gantt/tests/__init__.py
gantt/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
nova/testing/fake/__init__.py
nova/testing/__init__.py
>>> python-swiftclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> oslo.vmware/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/objects/__init__.py
>>> keystonemiddleware/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystonemiddleware/tests/apiclient/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/auth/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/generic/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/v2_0/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/v3/__init__.py
>>> melange/test.txt: 35 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
melange/tests/factories/__init__.py
melange/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange/tests/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/ipv4/db_based_ip_generator/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/ipv4/__init__.py
tests/factories/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/factories/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> rack/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rack/tests/api/__init__.py
rack/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
rack/tests/db/__init__.py
rack/tests/__init__.py
rack/tests/resourceoperator/__init__.py
rack/tests/resourceoperator/openstack/__init__.py
rack/tests/servicegroup/__init__.py
>>> ec2-api/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ec2api/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo-incubator/test.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/testmods/__init__.py
tests/unit/apiclient/__init__.py
tests/unit/cache/__init__.py
tests/unit/config/__init__.py
tests/unit/crypto/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/unit/deprecated/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/fake/__init__.py
tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/middleware/__init__.py
tests/unit/notifier/__init__.py
tests/unit/plugin/__init__.py
tests/unit/reports/__init__.py
tests/unit/rpc/__init__.py
tests/unit/scheduler/__init__.py
>>> oslo.concurrency/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> sahara/test.txt: 83 bladfafhafadfa.txt
savanna/tests/integration/hadoop_config_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/hadoop_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/scaling_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/swift_test/__init__.py
eho/tests/__init__.py
eho/tests/unit/__init__.py
sahara/tests/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/tests/gating/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/conductor/manager/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/cdh/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/general/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/hadoop2/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/spark/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/validation/edp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/validation/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/swift/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/topology/__init__.py
savanna/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/configs/parameters/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/crud_tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/configs/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/tests/gating/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/other_tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/test_config/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/tests/gating/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/swift/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/conductor/manager/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/models/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db_new/conductor_api/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db_new/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/storage/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/general/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/client/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/plugins/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/service/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/edp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/validation/edp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/validation/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/swift/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/topology/__init__.py
>>> satori/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
satori/tests/__init__.py
>>> gear/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gear/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-docker/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novadocker/tests/__init__.py
novadocker/tests/virt/docker/__init__.py
novadocker/tests/virt/__init__.py
>>> subunit2sql/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
subunit2sql/tests/db/__init__.py
subunit2sql/tests/__init__.py
subunit2sql/tests/migrations/__init__.py
>>> murano-docs/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> os-apply-config/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_apply_config/tests/__init__.py
os_config_applier/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-devops/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
src/test/__init__.py
devops/tests/__init__.py
src/devops/tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-deployment/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> tuskar/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/tests/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/tests/__init__.py
ironic/tests/manager/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/v2/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/cmd/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/db/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/heat/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/manager/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/storage/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/storage/__init__.py
>>> driverlog/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> python-novaclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novaclient/tests/fixture_data/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v1_1/contrib/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v3/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1_0/__init__.py
tests/v1_1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1_1/__init__.py
>>> murano/test.txt: 66 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/engine/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/api/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/common/helpers/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/common/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/nose_plugins/__init__.py
murano/tests/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/common/helpers/__init__.py
murano/tests/common/__init__.py
murano/tests/db/__init__.py
murano/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
murano/tests/dsl/foundation/__init__.py
murano/tests/dsl/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/engine/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/__init__.py
murano/tests/__init__.py
murano/tests/nose_plugins/__init__.py
murano/tests/packages/__init__.py
murano/tests/packages/versions/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/common/helpers/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/dsl/foundation/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/dsl/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/packages/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/packages/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> cliff/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cliff/tests/__init__.py
>>> tacker/test.txt: 86 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/apiclient/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/__init__.py
tacker/tests/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/drivers/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/mgmt_drivers/__init__.py
>>> tooz/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tooz/tests/drivers/__init__.py
tooz/tests/__init__.py
>>> tuskar-ui/test.txt: 40 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/test/customization/__init__.py
horizon/test/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/api_tests/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/test_data/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/test_driver/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
>>> python-cinderclient/test.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinderclient/tests/fixture_data/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> murano-conductor/test.txt: 30 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
tests/conductor/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> python-barbicanclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
barbicanclient/test/common/__init__.py
barbicanclient/test/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> staccato/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova_plugin/staccato_nova_download/tests/__init__.py
nova_plugin/staccato_nova_download/tests/unit/__init__.py
staccato/tests/functional/__init__.py
staccato/tests/__init__.py
staccato/tests/integration/__init__.py
staccato/tests/unit/__init__.py
staccato/tests/unit/v1/__init__.py
>>> ceilometer/test.txt: 64 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometer/tests/alarm/evaluator/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/alarm/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/alarm/partition/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/central/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/collector/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/collector/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/vmware/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/data_processing/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/energy/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/event/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/inspector/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/identity/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/image/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/services/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/opencontrail/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/opendaylight/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/objectstore/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/orchestration/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/profiler/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/publisher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/storage/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/volume/__init__.py
nova_tests/__init__.py
tests/agent/__init__.py
tests/alarm/evaluator/__init__.py
tests/alarm/__init__.py
tests/alarm/partition/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/v1/__init__.py
tests/api/v2/__init__.py
tests/central/__init__.py
tests/collector/dispatcher/__init__.py
tests/collector/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/compute/pollsters/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
tests/energy/__init__.py
tests/image/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/network/__init__.py
tests/objectstore/__init__.py
tests/publisher/__init__.py
tests/storage/__init__.py
tests/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/volume/__init__.py
>>> murano-agent/test.txt: 30 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
muranoagent/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> entropy/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
entropy/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-tackerclient/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutronclient/tests/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/unit/vm/__init__.py
>>> cloudroast/test.txt: 39 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudroast/database/smoketest/__init__.py
test_repo/database/smoketest/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/client_lib/functional/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/client_lib/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/client_lib/smoke/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/admin/actions/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/admin/hosts/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/admin/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/keypairs/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/rescue/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/security_groups/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/flavors/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/flavors/__init__.pyc
test_repo/compute/functional/images/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/images/__init__.pyc
test_repo/compute/functional/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/__init__.pyc
test_repo/compute/functional/keypairs/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/servers/actions/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/servers/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/servers/__init__.pyc
test_repo/compute/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/__init__.pyc
test_repo/compute/integration/identity/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/integration/__init__.py
test_repo/database/__init__.py
test_repo/database/neg_regr/__init__.py
test_repo/database/pos_regr/__init__.py
test_repo/database/pos_regr/mgmt/__init__.py
test_repo/identity/__init__.py
test_repo/__init__.py
test_repo/__init__.pyc
test_repo/meniscus/__init__.py
test_repo/meniscus/smoke/__init__.py
test_repo/objectstorage/__init__.py
test_repo/objectstorage/regression/__init__.py
test_repo/objectstorage/smoke/__init__.py
>>> pecan/test.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pecan/scaffolds/base/+package+/tests/__init__.py_tmpl
pecan/scaffolds/rest-api/+package+/tests/__init__.py_tmpl
pecan/tests/compat/__init__.py
pecan/tests/__init__.py
pecan/tests/middleware/__init__.py
pecan/tests/scaffold_fixtures/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/bad/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing_app/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_config/bad/__init__.py
tests/test_config/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing_app/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing/__init__.py
>>> cloudkitty/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> bashate/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bash8/tests/__init__.py
bashate/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-solver-scheduler/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/tests/scheduler/solvers/__init__.py
>>> surveil/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
surveil/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
surveil/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
surveil/tests/api/__init__.py
surveil/tests/__init__.py
>>> devstack-gate/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-openstacksdk/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/tests/auth/identity/__init__.py
openstack/tests/auth/__init__.py
openstack/tests/compute/__init__.py
openstack/tests/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstack/tests/database/__init__.py
openstack/tests/database/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/image/__init__.py
openstack/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/__init__.py
openstack/tests/network/__init__.py
openstack/tests/network/v2/__init__.py
openstack/tests/object_store/__init__.py
openstack/tests/object_store/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/telemetry/__init__.py
openstack/tests/telemetry/v2/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfntools/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat/tests/examples/__init__.py
heat/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/unit/__init__.py
heat/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
heat/testing/fake/__init__.py
heat/testing/__init__.py
>>> keystone-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> rally/test.txt: 50 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rally/tests/db/__init__.py
rally/tests/__init__.py
tests/aas/__init__.py
tests/aas/rest/controllers/__init__.py
tests/aas/rest/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/cleanup/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/quotas/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/processing/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/runners/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/authenticate/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/ceilometer/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/cinder/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/dummy/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/glance/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/heat/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/keystone/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/neutron/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/nova/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/quotas/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/requests/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/sahara/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/tempest/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/vm/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/sla/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/wrappers/__init__.py
tests/cmd/commands/__init__.py
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/deploy/engines/__init__.py
tests/deploy/__init__.py
tests/deploy/serverprovider/__init__.py
tests/deploy/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
tests/doc/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/import/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/import/package/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/objects/__init__.py
tests/orchestrator/__init__.py
tests/rally_scenarios/__init__.py
tests/serverprovider/__init__.py
tests/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
tests/verification/__init__.py
tests/verification/verifiers/__init__.py
tests/vmprovider/__init__.py
rally/benchmark/test_scenarios/__init__.py
tests_ci/__init__.py
>>> magnetodb/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magnetodb/tests/api/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/fake/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/storage/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/amz/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/openstack/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/openstack/v1/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/common/notifier/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/driver/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/impl/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/manager/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/table_info_repo/__init__.py
>>> python-tuskarclient/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskarclient/tests/common/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/integration/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v1_0/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> taskflow/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
taskflow/tests/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/jobs/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/memory_api/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/patterns/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/persistence/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/sql_db_api/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/worker_based/__init__.py
>>> nova-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> elastic-recheck/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
elastic_recheck/tests/functional/__init__.py
elastic_recheck/tests/__init__.py
elastic_recheck/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-monascaclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monascaclient/tests/__init__.py
monclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> cookiecutter/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
package/tests/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
repo_name/tests/__init__.py
>>> manila/test.txt: 45 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
manila/tests/backup/__init__.py
manila/tests/brick/__init__.py
manila/tests/compute/__init__.py
manila/tests/db/__init__.py
manila/tests/glance/__init__.py
manila/tests/image/__init__.py
manila/tests/__init__.py
manila/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
manila/tests/integrated/__init__.py
manila/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
manila/tests/netapp/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/linux/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/neutron/__init__.py
manila/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
manila/tests/share/__init__.py
manila/tests/volume/__init__.py
manila/tests/windows/__init__.py
manila/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
>>> python-neutronclient/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutronclient/tests/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
quantum/client/tests/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/__init__.py
quantum/client/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
>>> ironic-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> django_openstack_auth/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack_auth/tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/nova/tests/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/virt/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/virt/ironic/__init__.py
ironic/tests/api/__init__.py
ironic/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
ironic/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
ironic/tests/conductor/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/ilo/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/tests/__init__.py
ironic/tests/manager/__init__.py
ironic/tests/objects/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
>>> glance.store/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glance/store/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> graffiti/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
graffiti/api/tests/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/db/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/drivers/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/__init__.py
>>> nodepool/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nodepool/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.utils/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/fake/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-repository/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
muranorepository/tests/fixtures/__init__.py
muranorepository/tests/__init__.py
>>> glance/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glance/tests/functional/db/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/store/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/v1/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/v2/__init__.py
glance/tests/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/legacy_functional/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/v2/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/api/middleware/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/v1/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/v2/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> logaas/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-opentsdbclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
opentsdbclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-solumclient/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumclient/tests/builder/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/builder/v1/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/common/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> keystone/test.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystone/test/client/__init__.py
keystone/test/functional/__init__.py
keystone/test/__init__.py
keystone/test/system/__init__.py
keystone/test/unit/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/unit/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/api/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/api/v1/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/db/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/fixture/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/__init__.py
keystone/tests/fixtures/__init__.py
keystone/tests/__init__.py
keystone/tests/ksfixtures/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/catalog/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/identity/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/token/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> kite/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kite/tests/api/__init__.py
kite/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
kite/tests/db/__init__.py
kite/tests/__init__.py
kite/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> trove/test.txt: 47 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reddwarf/tests/api/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/factories/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/fakes/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/functional/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/guestagent/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unit/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/api/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/backup/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/guestagent/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/mgmt/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/quota/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/router/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/secgroups/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/taskmanager/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/util/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/util/__init__.py
trove/tests/api/__init__.py
trove/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
trove/tests/fakes/__init__.py
trove/tests/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/api/common/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/backup/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/conductor/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/configuration/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/datastore/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/dns/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/guestagent/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/instance/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/mgmt/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/mysql/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/network/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/quota/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/router/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/secgroups/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/taskmanager/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/upgrade/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/util/__init__.py
trove/tests/util/__init__.py
>>> sqlalchemy-migrate/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test/changeset/__init__.py
test/fixture/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/integrated/__init__.py
test/versioning/__init__.py
migrate/tests/changeset/databases/__init__.py
migrate/tests/changeset/__init__.py
migrate/tests/fixture/__init__.py
migrate/tests/__init__.py
migrate/tests/integrated/__init__.py
migrate/tests/versioning/__init__.py
tests/changeset/__init__.py
tests/fixture/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integrated/__init__.py
tests/versioning/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfnclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat_cfnclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.config/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/testmods/__init__.py
>>> stacktach/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> fuel-main/test.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nailgun/nailgun/test/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/integration/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/unit/__init__.py
nailgun/test/__init__.py
shotgun/shotgun/test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/helpers/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/integration/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/models/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/puppet_tests/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests_strength/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/tests_os_patching/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/tests_strength/__init__.py
fuelweb_ui_test/__init__.py
fuelweb_ui_test/pageobjects/__init__.py
fuelweb_ui_test/tests/__init__.py
test/cookbooks/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/integration/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/tests/__init__.py
>>> barbican/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
barbican/functionaltests/__init__.py
barbican/tests/api/__init__.py
barbican/tests/api/tenant/__init__.py
barbican/tests/common/__init__.py
barbican/tests/crypto/__init__.py
barbican/tests/__init__.py
barbican/tests/model/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/crypto/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/interface/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/util/__init__.py
barbican/tests/queue/__init__.py
barbican/tests/tasks/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
>>> octavia/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
octavia/tests/__init__.py
specs-tests/tests/__init__.py
>>> libra/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
lbaas/tests/__init__.py
libra/api/tests/__init__.py
libra/tests/admin_api/__init__.py
libra/tests/api/__init__.py
libra/tests/api/v1_1/__init__.py
libra/tests/__init__.py
libra/tests/mgm/___init__.py
libra/tests/worker/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-troveclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
troveclient/compat/tests/__init__.py
troveclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.serialization/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> osprofiler/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/notifiers/__init__.py
tests/parsers/__init__.py
>>> stevedore/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
stevedore/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.db/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
>>> requirements/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-dashboard/test.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
muranodashboard/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
functionaltests/config/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/functional/config/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/functional/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> zuul/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> swift/test.txt: 19 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test/bin/__init__.py
test/functional/__init__.py
test/functionalnosetests/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/probe/__init__.py
test/unit/account/__init__.py
test/unit/auth/__init__.py
test/unit/cli/__init__.py
test/unit/common/__init__.py
test/unit/common/middleware/__init__.py
test/unit/common/ring/__init__.py
test/unit/container/__init__.py
test/unit/__init__.py
test/unit/locale/__init__.py
test/unit/obj/__init__.py
test/unit/proxy/controllers/__init__.py
test/unit/proxy/__init__.py
test/unit/stats/__init__.py
test/unit/test_locale/__init__.py
>>> python-saharaclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharaclient/tests/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/nova/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/unit/nova/__init__.py
savannaclient/tests/__init__.py
savannaclient/tests/nova/__init__.py
>>> reviewstats/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reviewstats/tests/__init__.py
>>> heat-translator/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat-translator/tosca/tests/__init__.py
heat-translator/tosca/tests/__init__.pyc
translator/tests/__init__.py
translator/toscalib/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo-cookiecutter/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/oslo/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
package/tests/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
repo_name/tests/__init__.py
>>> freezer/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
freezer/test/__init__.py
>>> compass-adapters/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
chef/cookbooks/python/src/10/loading_modules_from_a_remote_machine_using_import_hooks/testcode/grok/__init__.py
>>> os-cloud-config/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_cloud_config/cmd/tests/__init__.py
os_cloud_config/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-heatclient/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heatclient/tests/__init__.py
heatclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.pyc
tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> cachemonkey/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cachemonkey/tests/__init__.py
cachemonkey/tests/publisher/__init__.py
>>> billingstack/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billingstack/tests/api/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/biller/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/biller/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/central/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/central/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/collector/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/collector/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/identity/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/payment_gateway/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/rater/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/rater/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> cloudcafe/test.txt: 108 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudcafe/compute/tests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/hosts/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/quotas/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/security_group_rules/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/hosts/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/quotas/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/security_group_rules/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/models/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/common/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/common/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/common/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/volumes_boot_api/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/flavors/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/flavors/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/images/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/images/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/limits/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/limits/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/servers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/servers/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/models/responses/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/floating_ips/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/networks/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/routers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/subnets/__init__.py
metatests/images/__init__.py
metatests/images/v1_0/__init__.py
metatests/images/v1_0/models/__init__.py
metatests/images/v2_0/__init__.py
metatests/images/v2_0/models/__init__.py
metatests/__init__.py
metatests/networking/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/common/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/request/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/response/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/session_persistence/__init__.py
metatests/objectstorage/__init__.py
metatests/objectstorage/objectstorage_api/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/novacli/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/novacli/models/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/unit/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/unit/models/__init__.py
>>> bufunfa/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billistix/tests/__init__.py
billistix/tests/test_central/__init__.py
billistix/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/test_central/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> anvil/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
anvil/tests/__init__.py
>>> packstack/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/installer/__init__.py
tests/modules/__init__.py
>>> monasca-ui/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monitoring/test/__init__.py
monitoring/test/test_data/__init__.py
>>> openvz-nova-driver/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/tests/openvz/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/tests/openvz/__init__.py
>>> os-refresh-config/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_refresh_config/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-web/test.txt: 25 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nailgun/nailgun/test/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/integration/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/unit/__init__.py
nailgun/test/__init__.py
shotgun/shotgun/test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/integration/__init__.py
test/cookbooks/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/integration/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/tests/system/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/system/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
fuel_agent_ci/fuel_agent_ci/tests/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/tests/__init__.py
fuelclient/tests/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_update_downloader/fuel_update_downloader/tests/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_upgrade/fuel_upgrade/tests/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/tests/__init__.py
network_checker/dhcp_checker/tests/system/__init__.py
network_checker/dhcp_checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
network_checker/net_check/tests/__init__.py
network_checker/network_checker/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-kiteclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kiteclient/tests/__init__.py
kiteclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> mistral/test.txt: 34 bladfafhafadfa.txt
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/v1/controllers/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/api/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/api/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/engine/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/engine/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/__init__.py
mistral/tests/__init__.py
mistral/tests/integration/contrib/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/actions/openstack/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/v2/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/default/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/local/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/scalable/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/single/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/events/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/triggers/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/v2/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workflow/__init__.py
mistral/tests/workflow/__init__.py
>>> hacking/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
hacking/tests/checks/__init__.py
hacking/tests/__init__.py
>>> occi-os/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/extensions/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> swiftsync/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
functional_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/units/__init__.py
>>> os-collect-config/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_apply_config/tests/__init__.py
os_collect_config/tests/__init__.py
os_config_applier/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> sahara-guestagent/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sahara/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic-python-agent/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic_python_agent/tests/extensions/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/tests/__init__.py
teeth_agent/tests/__init__.py
>>> designate/test.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/tempest/dns_tests/admin/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/dns_tests/__init__.py
designate/tests/__init__.py
designate/tests/resources/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_agent/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v1/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v2/extensions/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v2/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_backend/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_central/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_mdns/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_network_api/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_notification_handler/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_objects/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_quota/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_resources/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_resources/test_schemas/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_schema/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_sink/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
moniker/tests/central/__init__.py
moniker/tests/database/__init__.py
moniker/tests/__init__.py
moniker/tests/storage/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_agent/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_api/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_api/test_v1/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_backend/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_central/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_handler/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_notification_handler/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_plugins/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_quota/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_sink/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> murano-tests/test.txt: 34 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
integration-tests/etc/__init__.py
integration-tests/__init__.py
integrationtests/__init__.py
integration-tests/v1/__init__.py
muranodashboard-tests/config/__init__.py
muranodashboard-tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
>>> compass-core/test.txt: 10 bladfafhafadfa.txt
compass/tests/actions/deploy/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/update_progress/__init__.py
compass/tests/apicommand/__init__.py
compass/tests/api/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/installers/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/providers/__init__.py
compass/tests/hdsdiscovery/__init__.py
compass/tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-dashboard/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumdashboard/tests/__init__.py
>>> jenkins-job-builder/test.txt: 14 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/builders/__init__.py
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/general/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/localyaml/__init__.py
tests/macros/__init__.py
tests/notifications/__init__.py
tests/parameters/__init__.py
tests/properties/__init__.py
tests/publishers/__init__.py
tests/scm/__init__.py
tests/triggers/__init__.py
tests/wrappers/__init__.py
tests/yamlparser/__init__.py
>>> cinder/test.txt: 64 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/testing/fake/__init__.py
cinder/testing/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/compute/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/tests/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/tests/zonemanager/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/compute/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/tests/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/tests/zonemanager/__init__.py
cinder/testing/fake/__init__.py
cinder/testing/__init__.py
>>> powervc-driver/test.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder-powervc/test/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/volume/driver/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/volume/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/volume/manager/__init__.py
common-powervc/test/common/client/__init__.py
common-powervc/test/common/__init__.py
common-powervc/test/__init__.py
glance-powervc/test/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/test/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/compute/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/virt/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/virt/powervc/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/virt/powervc/sync/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/__init__.py
>>> glance-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-infra-guestagent/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solum_guestagent/tests/__init__.py
>>> blazar-nova/test.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
blazarnova/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/api/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/api/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
climate/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-congressclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congressclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> healthnmon/test.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
healthnmon/tests/api/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/common/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/db/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/notifier/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/profiler/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/resourcemodel/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
healthnmon/testing/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf-plugin/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> gce-api/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gceapi/tests/api/__init__.py
gceapi/tests/__init__.py
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/other.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
libs/setuptools-2.2/build/lib/setuptools/command/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/build/lib/setuptools/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/build/lib/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/setuptools/command/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/setuptools/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/build/lib/_markerlib/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/_markerlib/__init__.py
>>> python-manilaclient/other.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/hashlib/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/_backport/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/command/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
setuptools_git-1.0-py2.7.egg/setuptools_git/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_health/tests/ha/__init__.py~
>>> monasca-agent/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monsetup/detection/__init__.py
monsetup/detection/plugins/__init__.py
monsetup/__init__.py
monsetup/service/__init__.py
>>> python-libraclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
arbiter/tests/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/build/lib/icalendar/tests/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/src/icalendar/tests/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/build/lib/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.version/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/version/tests/__init__.py
pbr/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/public/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/v1/public/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/v1/public/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/common/__init__.py
solum/tests/common/rpc/__init__.py
solum/tests/conductor/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/conductor/__init__.py
solum/tests/deployer/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/deployer/__init__.py
solum/tests/__init__.py
solum/tests/objects/__init__.py
solum/tests/worker/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/worker/__init__.py
>>> blazar/test.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
climate/tests/utils/__init__.py
climate/tests/utils/openstack/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/oshosts/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v1/oshosts/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
climate/tests/__init__.py
climate/tests/inventory/__init__.py
climate/tests/manager/__init__.py
climate/tests/notification/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/instances/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/oshosts/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/inventory/__init__.py
>>> sahara-dashboard/test.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharadashboard/tests/cluster_template_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/cluster_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/configs/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/image_registry_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/node_group_template_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/cluster_template_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/cluster_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/configs/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/image_registry_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/node_group_template_tests/__init__.py
>>> nova/test.txt: 70 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/tests/api/ec2/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/plugins/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/plugins/v3/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/extensions/foxinsocks/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/rackspace/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/cells/__init__.py
nova/tests/cert/__init__.py
nova/tests/compute/__init__.py
nova/tests/compute/monitors/__init__.py
nova/tests/conductor/__init__.py
nova/tests/conductor/tasks/__init__.py
nova/tests/consoleauth/__init__.py
nova/tests/console/__init__.py
nova/tests/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/fake_loadables/__init__.py
nova/tests/glance/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/image/__init__.py
nova/tests/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/v3/__init__.py
nova/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
nova/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
nova/tests/network/__init__.py
nova/tests/network/security_group/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/objects/__init__.py
nova/tests/pci/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/servicegroup/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/mount/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/vfs/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/docker/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/powervm/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/client/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/image/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/imageupload/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/volume/encryptors/__init__.py
nova/tests/volume/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
smoketests/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> tacker-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> stackalytics/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> neutron-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> git-upstream/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
git_upstream/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.rootwrap/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-designateclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
designateclient/tests/__init__.py
monikerclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> congress/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congress/datasources/tests/unit/__init__.py
congress/datasources/tests/__init__.py
congress/dse/tests/__init__.py
congress/policy/tests/__init__.py
congress/tests/api/__init__.py
congress/tests/common/__init__.py
congress/tests/__init__.py
src/policy/tests/__init__.py
>>> git-review/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
git_review/tests/__init__.py
>>> horizon/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/pages/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
>>> murano-common/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
muranocommon/tests/helpers/__init__.py
muranocommon/tests/__init__.py
>>> pycadf/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pycadf/tests/audit/__init__.py
pycadf/tests/__init__.py
pycadf/tests/middleware/__init__.py
>>> gnocchi/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gnocchi/tests/__init__.py
>>> lodgeit/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unittest/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/utilities/__init__.py
>>> oslo.messaging/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/messaging/__init__.py
tests/drivers/__init__.py
tests/executors/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/notify/__init__.py
tests/rpc/__init__.py
>>> refstack/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
refstack/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
refstack/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> swift-bench/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-glanceclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> oslotest/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/test/tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> gerrit/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
webapp/django/contrib/auth/tests/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/distapp/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/geoapp/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/layermap/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/relatedapp/__init__.py
>>> python-melangeclient/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
melange_client/tests/unit/helper/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/unit/helper/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/__init__.py
>>> neutron/test.txt: 148 bladfafhafadfa.txt
quantum/tests/unit/client_tools/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/client_tools/__init__.py
tests/unit/client_tools/__init__.py
client/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/cfg_agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/arista/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/mech_sriov/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/vshield/common/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/vshield/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/opencontrail/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/logging_noop/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/sriovnicagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/apiclient/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/nexus/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/ucs/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/nicira/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/driver/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/driver/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
client/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/tests/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/nicira_nvp_plugin/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/tests/__init__.py
quantum/tests/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
smoketests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> storyboard/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
storyboard/tests/api/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/db/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-ceilometerclient/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometerclient/tests/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> requests-mock/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
requests_mock/tests/__init__.py
>>> refstack-client/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> bindep/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bindep/tests/__init__.py
>>> docs-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> monasca-notification/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> os-loganalyze/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_loganalyze/tests/__init__.py
>>> novaimagebuilder/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
imagebuilder/api/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-specs/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tripleo-specs/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-ironicclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironicclient/tests/__init__.py
ironicclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> python-openstackclient/test.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstackclient/tests/common/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/compute/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/v3/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/v1/lib/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/volume/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/volume/v1/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/identity/__init__.py
tests/image/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/volume/__init__.py
>>> sahara-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> swiftpolicy/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-blazarclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
climateclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> zaqar/test.txt: 48 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/proxy/__init__.py
tests/unit/proxy/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/common/__init__.py
marconi/tests/functional/__init__.py
marconi/tests/functional/util/__init__.py
marconi/tests/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/storage/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
marconi/tests/storage/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/claim/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/common/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/etc/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/messages/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/queue/__init__.py
marconi/tests/transport/__init__.py
marconi/tests/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/util/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/storage/__init__.py
tests/transport/__init__.py
tests/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/functional/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/storage/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
>>> warm/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
warm/tests/__init__.py
>>> heat/test.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat/tests/unit/__init__.py
contrib/barbican/barbican/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker/docker/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker_plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker-plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker/tests/__init__.py
contrib/extraroute/extraroute/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_barbican/heat_barbican/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_keystoneclient_v2/heat_keystoneclient_v2/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_marconi/heat_marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi-plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/nova_flavor/nova_flavor/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/heat/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/rackspace/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/db/__init__.py
heat/tests/examples/__init__.py
heat/tests/functional/__init__.py
heat/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
>>> ospurge/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ospurge/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-keystoneclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystoneclient/tests/apiclient/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/auth/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/generic/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/v2_0/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/v3/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v2_0/__init__.py
tests/v3/__init__.py
>>> python-jenkins/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> trove-integration/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/dns/__init__.py
tests/guest/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/api/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/dns/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/guest/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/openvz/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/reaper/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/recreates/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/smoke/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/util/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/volumes/__init__.py
tests/openvz/__init__.py
tests/reaper/__init__.py
tests/scheduler/__init__.py
tests/util/__init__.py
tests/volumes/__init__.py
>>> python-magnetodbclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magnetodbclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-zaqarclient/test.txt: 29 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/auth/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/openstack/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/openstack/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/http/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/zmq/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/v1/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/http/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/zmq/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/mock/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/queues/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/transport/__init__.py
tests/auth/__init__.py
tests/common/apiclient/auth/__init__.py
tests/common/apiclient/__init__.py
tests/common/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/queues/__init__.py
tests/functional/queues/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/mock/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/queues/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/transport/__init__.py
>>> cinder-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.i18n/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-muranoclient/test.txt: 20 bladfafhafadfa.txt
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
muranoclient/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/muranoclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> turbo-hipster/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/task_plugins/gate_real_db_upgrade/__init__.py
tests/task_plugins/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/tests/__init__.py
>>> pbr/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/packaging/tests/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/tests/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/tests/testpackage/d2to1_testpackage/__init__.py
pbr/tests/__init__.py
pbr/tests/testpackage/pbr_testpackage/__init__.py
>>> python-ganttclient/test.txt: 13 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ganttclient/tests/__init__.py
ganttclient/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> tempest/test.txt: 34 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tempest/tests/boto/utils/__init__.py
tempest/tests/common/utils/__init__.py
tempest/tests/common/utils/linux/__init__.py
kong/tests/__init__.py
storm/tests/__init__.py
tempest/tests/boto/__init__.py
tempest/tests/cli/__init__.py
tempest/tests/cmd/__init__.py
tempest/tests/common/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/flavors/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/floating_ips/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/images/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/keypairs/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/limits/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/security_groups/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/servers/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/volumes/__init__.py
tempest/tests/files/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/admin/v3/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/v2/__init__.py
tempest/tests/__init__.py
tempest/tests/negative/__init__.py
tempest/tests/network/__init__.py
tempest/tests/object_storage/__init__.py
tempest/tests/stress/__init__.py
tempest/tests/volume/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/volume/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-mistralclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
mistralclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
functionaltests/cli/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/client/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/client/v1/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/cli/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/cli/v1/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> diskimage-builder/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
diskimage_builder/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-manilaclient/test.txt: 52 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/old/contrib/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/shares/__init__.py
tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v1/shares/__init__.py
tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/v2/shares/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/unit/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/unit/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/test_utils/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/ha/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/heat/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/platform_smoke_tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/platform_tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/sanity/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/smoke/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/dependent_testsets/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/deployment_types_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/functional/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/functional/manual/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/dummy_tests/deployment_types_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/manual/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/__init__.py
fuel/tests/__init__.py
fuel/tests/sanity/__init__.py
fuel/tests/smoke/__init__.py
>>> poppy/test.txt: 37 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
tests/unit/base/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/manager/default/__init__.py
tests/unit/manager/__init__.py
tests/unit/model/helpers/__init__.py
tests/unit/model/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/fastly/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/mock/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/sample/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/cassandra/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/mockdb/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/falcon/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/pecan/__init__.py
tests/api/utils/__init__.py
tests/api/utils/models/__init__.py
tests/api/utils/schema/__init__.py
cdn/tests/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/services/__init__.py
tests/functional/base/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/manager/default/__init__.py
tests/functional/manager/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/controllers/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/hooks/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/pecan_app/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/validator/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/validator/pecan_app/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_validator/pecan_app/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-image-elements/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
elements/os-svc-install/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> monasca-agent/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jahmon/tests/__init__.py
monagent/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> opencafe/test.txt: 25 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cafe/tests/common/__init__.py
cafe/tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
cafe/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
cafe/tests/engine/__init__.py
cafe/tests/__init__.py
cafe/tests/resources/__init__.py
cafe/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
plugins/http/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
plugins/http/tests/engine/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/tests/resources/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
tests/common/__init__.py
tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
tests/engine/http/__init__.py
tests/engine/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/resources/__init__.py
tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
tests/tests/common/__init__.py
tests/tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
tests/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
tests/tests/engine/__init__.py
tests/tests/__init__.py
tests/tests/resources/__init__.py
tests/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
>>> ceilometer-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.middleware/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> wsme/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/pecantest/test/controllers/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/model/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/tests/__init__.py
ews/tests/__init__.py
wsmeext/tests/__init__.py
wsme/tests/__init__.py
>>> gantt/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gantt/tests/image/__init__.py
gantt/tests/__init__.py
gantt/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-swiftclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.vmware/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/objects/__init__.py
>>> keystonemiddleware/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystonemiddleware/tests/apiclient/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/auth/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/generic/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/v2_0/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/v3/__init__.py
>>> melange/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
melange/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/ipv4/db_based_ip_generator/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/ipv4/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/factories/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/tests/factories/__init__.py
melange/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange/tests/__init__.py
tests/factories/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> rack/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rack/tests/api/__init__.py
rack/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
rack/tests/db/__init__.py
rack/tests/__init__.py
rack/tests/resourceoperator/__init__.py
rack/tests/resourceoperator/openstack/__init__.py
rack/tests/servicegroup/__init__.py
>>> ec2-api/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ec2api/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo-incubator/test.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/paste/templates/openstack/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/apiclient/__init__.py
tests/unit/cache/__init__.py
tests/unit/config/__init__.py
tests/unit/crypto/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/unit/deprecated/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/fake/__init__.py
tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/middleware/__init__.py
tests/unit/notifier/__init__.py
tests/unit/plugin/__init__.py
tests/unit/reports/__init__.py
tests/unit/rpc/__init__.py
tests/unit/scheduler/__init__.py
openstack/paste/templates/openstack/tests/functional/__init__.py
openstack/paste/templates/openstack/tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/testmods/__init__.py
>>> oslo.concurrency/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> sahara/test.txt: 86 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sahara/tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/utils/openstack/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
eho/tests/unit/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/conductor/manager/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/cdh/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/general/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/hadoop2/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/spark/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/validation/edp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/validation/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/swift/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/topology/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/conductor/manager/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/models/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db_new/conductor_api/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db_new/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/storage/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/general/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/client/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/plugins/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/service/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/edp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/validation/edp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/validation/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/swift/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/topology/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/hadoop_config_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/hadoop_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/scaling_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/swift_test/__init__.py
eho/tests/__init__.py
sahara/tests/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/tests/gating/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/configs/parameters/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/crud_tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/configs/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/tests/gating/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/other_tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/test_config/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/tests/gating/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/swift/__init__.py
>>> satori/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
satori/tests/__init__.py
>>> gear/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gear/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-docker/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novadocker/tests/__init__.py
novadocker/tests/virt/docker/__init__.py
novadocker/tests/virt/__init__.py
>>> subunit2sql/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
subunit2sql/tests/db/__init__.py
subunit2sql/tests/__init__.py
subunit2sql/tests/migrations/__init__.py
>>> murano-docs/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> os-apply-config/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_apply_config/tests/__init__.py
os_config_applier/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-devops/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
devops/tests/__init__.py
src/devops/tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-deployment/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> tuskar/test.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskar/tests/templates/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/tests/__init__.py
ironic/tests/manager/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/v2/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/cmd/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/db/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/heat/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/manager/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/storage/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/storage/__init__.py
>>> driverlog/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-novaclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novaclient/tests/fixture_data/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v1_1/contrib/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v3/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1_0/__init__.py
tests/v1_1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1_1/__init__.py
>>> murano/test.txt: 54 bladfafhafadfa.txt
murano/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/common/helpers/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/dsl/foundation/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/dsl/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/packages/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/packages/versions/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/engine/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/api/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/common/helpers/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/common/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/nose_plugins/__init__.py
murano/tests/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/common/helpers/__init__.py
murano/tests/common/__init__.py
murano/tests/db/__init__.py
murano/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
murano/tests/dsl/foundation/__init__.py
murano/tests/dsl/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/engine/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/__init__.py
murano/tests/__init__.py
murano/tests/nose_plugins/__init__.py
murano/tests/packages/__init__.py
murano/tests/packages/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> cliff/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cliff/tests/__init__.py
>>> tacker/test.txt: 84 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutron/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/apiclient/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/drivers/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/mgmt_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/tests/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/__init__.py
tacker/tests/__init__.py
>>> tooz/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tooz/tests/drivers/__init__.py
tooz/tests/__init__.py
>>> tuskar-ui/test.txt: 27 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/api_tests/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
>>> python-cinderclient/test.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinderclient/tests/fixture_data/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> murano-conductor/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
tests/conductor/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-barbicanclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> staccato/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova_plugin/staccato_nova_download/tests/unit/__init__.py
staccato/tests/unit/__init__.py
staccato/tests/unit/v1/__init__.py
nova_plugin/staccato_nova_download/tests/__init__.py
staccato/tests/functional/__init__.py
staccato/tests/__init__.py
staccato/tests/integration/__init__.py
>>> ceilometer/test.txt: 64 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometer/tests/alarm/evaluator/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/alarm/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/alarm/partition/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/central/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/collector/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/collector/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/vmware/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/data_processing/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/energy/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/event/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/inspector/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/identity/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/image/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/services/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/opencontrail/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/opendaylight/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/objectstore/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/orchestration/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/profiler/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/publisher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/storage/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/volume/__init__.py
nova_tests/__init__.py
tests/agent/__init__.py
tests/alarm/evaluator/__init__.py
tests/alarm/__init__.py
tests/alarm/partition/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/v1/__init__.py
tests/api/v2/__init__.py
tests/central/__init__.py
tests/collector/dispatcher/__init__.py
tests/collector/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/compute/pollsters/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
tests/energy/__init__.py
tests/image/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/network/__init__.py
tests/objectstore/__init__.py
tests/publisher/__init__.py
tests/storage/__init__.py
tests/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/volume/__init__.py
>>> murano-agent/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
muranoagent/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> entropy/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
entropy/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-tackerclient/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutronclient/tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/unit/vm/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> pecan/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pecan/templates/project/+package+/tests/__init__.py
pecan/tests/templates/__init__.py
tests/templates/__init__.py
pecan/tests/compat/__init__.py
pecan/tests/__init__.py
pecan/tests/middleware/__init__.py
pecan/tests/scaffold_fixtures/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/bad/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing_app/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_config/bad/__init__.py
tests/test_config/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing_app/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing/__init__.py
>>> cloudkitty/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> bashate/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bash8/tests/__init__.py
bashate/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-solver-scheduler/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/tests/scheduler/solvers/__init__.py
>>> surveil/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
surveil/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
surveil/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
surveil/tests/api/__init__.py
surveil/tests/__init__.py
>>> devstack-gate/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-openstacksdk/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/tests/auth/identity/__init__.py
openstack/tests/auth/__init__.py
openstack/tests/compute/__init__.py
openstack/tests/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstack/tests/database/__init__.py
openstack/tests/database/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/image/__init__.py
openstack/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/__init__.py
openstack/tests/network/__init__.py
openstack/tests/network/v2/__init__.py
openstack/tests/object_store/__init__.py
openstack/tests/object_store/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/telemetry/__init__.py
openstack/tests/telemetry/v2/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfntools/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat/tests/unit/__init__.py
heat_cfntools/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/examples/__init__.py
heat/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
>>> keystone-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> rally/test.txt: 48 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rally/tests/db/__init__.py
rally/tests/__init__.py
tests/aas/__init__.py
tests/aas/rest/controllers/__init__.py
tests/aas/rest/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/cleanup/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/quotas/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/processing/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/runners/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/authenticate/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/ceilometer/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/cinder/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/dummy/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/glance/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/heat/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/keystone/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/neutron/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/nova/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/quotas/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/requests/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/sahara/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/tempest/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/vm/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/sla/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/wrappers/__init__.py
tests/cmd/commands/__init__.py
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/deploy/engines/__init__.py
tests/deploy/__init__.py
tests/deploy/serverprovider/__init__.py
tests/deploy/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
tests/doc/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/import/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/import/package/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/objects/__init__.py
tests/orchestrator/__init__.py
tests/rally_scenarios/__init__.py
tests/serverprovider/__init__.py
tests/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
tests/verification/__init__.py
tests/verification/verifiers/__init__.py
tests/vmprovider/__init__.py
>>> magnetodb/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/amz/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/openstack/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/openstack/v1/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/common/notifier/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/driver/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/impl/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/manager/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/table_info_repo/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/api/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/fake/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/storage/__init__.py
>>> python-tuskarclient/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskarclient/tests/common/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/integration/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v1_0/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> taskflow/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
taskflow/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/jobs/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/memory_api/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/patterns/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/persistence/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/sql_db_api/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/worker_based/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> elastic-recheck/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
elastic_recheck/tests/unit/__init__.py
elastic_recheck/tests/functional/__init__.py
elastic_recheck/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-monascaclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monascaclient/tests/__init__.py
monclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> cookiecutter/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
package/tests/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
repo_name/tests/__init__.py
>>> manila/test.txt: 45 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
manila/tests/backup/__init__.py
manila/tests/brick/__init__.py
manila/tests/compute/__init__.py
manila/tests/db/__init__.py
manila/tests/glance/__init__.py
manila/tests/image/__init__.py
manila/tests/__init__.py
manila/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
manila/tests/integrated/__init__.py
manila/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
manila/tests/netapp/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/linux/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/neutron/__init__.py
manila/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
manila/tests/share/__init__.py
manila/tests/volume/__init__.py
manila/tests/windows/__init__.py
manila/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
>>> python-neutronclient/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutronclient/tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
quantum/client/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/__init__.py
quantum/client/tests/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> django_openstack_auth/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack_auth/tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/nova/tests/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/virt/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/virt/ironic/__init__.py
ironic/tests/api/__init__.py
ironic/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
ironic/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
ironic/tests/conductor/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/ilo/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/tests/__init__.py
ironic/tests/manager/__init__.py
ironic/tests/objects/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
>>> glance.store/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
glance/store/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> graffiti/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
graffiti/api/tests/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/db/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/drivers/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/__init__.py
>>> nodepool/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nodepool/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.utils/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/fake/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-repository/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
muranorepository/tests/fixtures/__init__.py
muranorepository/tests/__init__.py
>>> glance/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glance/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/api/middleware/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/v1/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/v2/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/db/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/store/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/v1/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/v2/__init__.py
glance/tests/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/legacy_functional/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/v2/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> logaas/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-opentsdbclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
opentsdbclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-solumclient/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumclient/tests/builder/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/builder/v1/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/common/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> keystone/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystone/tests/unit/catalog/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/identity/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/token/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/api/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/api/v1/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/db/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/fixture/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/__init__.py
keystone/tests/fixtures/__init__.py
keystone/tests/__init__.py
keystone/tests/ksfixtures/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> kite/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kite/tests/unit/__init__.py
kite/tests/api/__init__.py
kite/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
kite/tests/db/__init__.py
kite/tests/__init__.py
>>> trove/test.txt: 47 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reddwarf/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unit/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/api/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/backup/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/guestagent/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/mgmt/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/quota/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/router/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/secgroups/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/taskmanager/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/util/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/api/common/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/backup/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/conductor/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/configuration/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/datastore/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/dns/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/guestagent/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/instance/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/mgmt/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/mysql/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/network/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/quota/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/router/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/secgroups/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/taskmanager/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/upgrade/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/util/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/api/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/factories/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/fakes/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/functional/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/guestagent/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/util/__init__.py
trove/tests/api/__init__.py
trove/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
trove/tests/fakes/__init__.py
trove/tests/__init__.py
trove/tests/util/__init__.py
>>> sqlalchemy-migrate/test.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
migrate/tests/changeset/databases/__init__.py
migrate/tests/changeset/__init__.py
migrate/tests/fixture/__init__.py
migrate/tests/__init__.py
migrate/tests/integrated/__init__.py
migrate/tests/versioning/__init__.py
tests/changeset/__init__.py
tests/fixture/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integrated/__init__.py
tests/versioning/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfnclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat_cfnclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.config/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/testmods/__init__.py
>>> stacktach/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/__init__.py
>>> fuel-main/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuelweb_test/puppet_tests/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/tests_os_patching/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/tests_strength/__init__.py
fuelweb_ui_test/tests/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/tests/__init__.py
>>> barbican/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
barbican/functionaltests/__init__.py
barbican/tests/api/__init__.py
barbican/tests/api/tenant/__init__.py
barbican/tests/common/__init__.py
barbican/tests/crypto/__init__.py
barbican/tests/__init__.py
barbican/tests/model/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/crypto/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/interface/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/util/__init__.py
barbican/tests/queue/__init__.py
barbican/tests/tasks/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
>>> octavia/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
octavia/tests/__init__.py
specs-tests/tests/__init__.py
>>> libra/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
lbaas/tests/__init__.py
libra/api/tests/__init__.py
libra/tests/admin_api/__init__.py
libra/tests/api/__init__.py
libra/tests/api/v1_1/__init__.py
libra/tests/__init__.py
libra/tests/mgm/___init__.py
libra/tests/worker/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-troveclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
troveclient/compat/tests/__init__.py
troveclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.serialization/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> osprofiler/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/notifiers/__init__.py
tests/parsers/__init__.py
>>> stevedore/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
stevedore/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.db/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
>>> requirements/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-dashboard/test.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
functionaltests/config/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/functional/config/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/functional/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> zuul/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> swift/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test/functionalnosetests/__init__.py
>>> python-saharaclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharaclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/unit/nova/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/nova/__init__.py
savannaclient/tests/__init__.py
savannaclient/tests/nova/__init__.py
>>> reviewstats/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reviewstats/tests/__init__.py
>>> heat-translator/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat-translator/tosca/tests/__init__.py
translator/tests/__init__.py
translator/toscalib/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo-cookiecutter/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/oslo/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
package/tests/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
repo_name/tests/__init__.py
>>> os-cloud-config/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_cloud_config/cmd/tests/__init__.py
os_cloud_config/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-heatclient/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heatclient/tests/__init__.py
heatclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> cachemonkey/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cachemonkey/tests/__init__.py
cachemonkey/tests/publisher/__init__.py
>>> billingstack/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billingstack/tests/api/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/biller/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/biller/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/central/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/central/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/collector/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/collector/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/identity/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/payment_gateway/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/rater/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/rater/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> cloudcafe/test.txt: 106 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/hosts/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/quotas/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/security_group_rules/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/hosts/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/quotas/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/security_group_rules/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/models/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/common/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/common/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/common/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/volumes_boot_api/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/flavors/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/flavors/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/images/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/images/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/limits/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/limits/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/servers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/servers/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/models/responses/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/floating_ips/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/networks/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/routers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/subnets/__init__.py
metatests/images/__init__.py
metatests/images/v1_0/__init__.py
metatests/images/v1_0/models/__init__.py
metatests/images/v2_0/__init__.py
metatests/images/v2_0/models/__init__.py
metatests/__init__.py
metatests/networking/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/common/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/request/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/response/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/session_persistence/__init__.py
metatests/objectstorage/__init__.py
metatests/objectstorage/objectstorage_api/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/novacli/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/novacli/models/__init__.py
>>> bufunfa/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billistix/tests/__init__.py
billistix/tests/test_central/__init__.py
billistix/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/test_central/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> anvil/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
anvil/tests/__init__.py
>>> packstack/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/installer/__init__.py
tests/modules/__init__.py
>>> openvz-nova-driver/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/tests/openvz/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/tests/openvz/__init__.py
>>> os-refresh-config/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_refresh_config/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-web/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
network_checker/dhcp_checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/tests/system/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/system/__init__.py
fuel_agent_ci/fuel_agent_ci/tests/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/tests/__init__.py
fuelclient/tests/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_update_downloader/fuel_update_downloader/tests/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_upgrade/fuel_upgrade/tests/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/tests/__init__.py
network_checker/dhcp_checker/tests/system/__init__.py
network_checker/net_check/tests/__init__.py
network_checker/network_checker/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-kiteclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kiteclient/tests/__init__.py
kiteclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> mistral/test.txt: 35 bladfafhafadfa.txt
mistral/tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/actions/openstack/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/v2/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/default/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/local/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/scalable/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/single/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/events/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/triggers/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/v2/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workflow/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/v1/controllers/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/api/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/api/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/engine/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/engine/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/__init__.py
mistral/tests/__init__.py
mistral/tests/integration/contrib/__init__.py
mistral/tests/workflow/__init__.py
>>> hacking/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
hacking/tests/checks/__init__.py
hacking/tests/__init__.py
>>> occi-os/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/extensions/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> swiftsync/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/units/__init__.py
functional_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> os-collect-config/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_apply_config/tests/__init__.py
os_collect_config/tests/__init__.py
os_config_applier/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> sahara-guestagent/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sahara/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic-python-agent/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic_python_agent/tests/extensions/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/tests/__init__.py
teeth_agent/tests/__init__.py
>>> designate/test.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/tempest/dns_tests/admin/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/dns_tests/__init__.py
designate/tests/__init__.py
designate/tests/resources/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_agent/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v1/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v2/extensions/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v2/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_backend/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_central/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_mdns/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_network_api/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_notification_handler/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_objects/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_quota/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_resources/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_resources/test_schemas/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_schema/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_sink/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
moniker/tests/central/__init__.py
moniker/tests/database/__init__.py
moniker/tests/__init__.py
moniker/tests/storage/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_agent/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_api/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_api/test_v1/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_backend/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_central/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_handler/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_notification_handler/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_plugins/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_quota/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_sink/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> murano-tests/test.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
integration-tests/etc/__init__.py
integration-tests/__init__.py
integrationtests/__init__.py
integration-tests/v1/__init__.py
muranodashboard-tests/config/__init__.py
muranodashboard-tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> compass-core/test.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
compass/tests/config_management/utils/__init__.py
compass/tests/utils/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/deploy/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/update_progress/__init__.py
compass/tests/apicommand/__init__.py
compass/tests/api/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/installers/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/providers/__init__.py
compass/tests/hdsdiscovery/__init__.py
compass/tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-dashboard/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumdashboard/tests/__init__.py
>>> jenkins-job-builder/test.txt: 14 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/builders/__init__.py
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/general/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/localyaml/__init__.py
tests/macros/__init__.py
tests/notifications/__init__.py
tests/parameters/__init__.py
tests/properties/__init__.py
tests/publishers/__init__.py
tests/scm/__init__.py
tests/triggers/__init__.py
tests/wrappers/__init__.py
tests/yamlparser/__init__.py
>>> cinder/test.txt: 60 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/compute/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/tests/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/tests/zonemanager/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/compute/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/tests/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/tests/zonemanager/__init__.py
>>> glance-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-infra-guestagent/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solum_guestagent/tests/__init__.py
>>> blazar-nova/test.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
blazarnova/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/api/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/api/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
climate/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-congressclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congressclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> healthnmon/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
healthnmon/tests/api/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/common/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/db/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/notifier/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/profiler/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/resourcemodel/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf-plugin/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/utils/__init__.py
functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> gce-api/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gceapi/tests/api/__init__.py
gceapi/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-libraclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> gerrit-powered-agenda/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
arbiter/tests/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/build/lib/icalendar/tests/__init__.py
libs/icalendar-3.6.1/src/icalendar/tests/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/build/lib/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
libs/setuptools-2.2/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.version/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/version/tests/__init__.py
pbr/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/public/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/controllers/v1/public/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/api/v1/public/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/__init__.py
solum/tests/builder/v1/__init__.py
solum/tests/common/__init__.py
solum/tests/common/rpc/__init__.py
solum/tests/conductor/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/conductor/__init__.py
solum/tests/deployer/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/deployer/__init__.py
solum/tests/__init__.py
solum/tests/objects/__init__.py
solum/tests/worker/handlers/__init__.py
solum/tests/worker/__init__.py
>>> blazar/test.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests_nova_scheduler/__init__.py
climate/tests/utils/__init__.py
climate/tests/utils/openstack/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/oshosts/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v1/oshosts/__init__.py
climate/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
climate/tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
climate/tests/__init__.py
climate/tests/inventory/__init__.py
climate/tests/manager/__init__.py
climate/tests/notification/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/instances/__init__.py
climate/tests/plugins/oshosts/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/inventory/__init__.py
>>> sahara-dashboard/test.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharadashboard/tests/cluster_template_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/cluster_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/configs/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/image_registry_tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/__init__.py
saharadashboard/tests/node_group_template_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/cluster_template_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/cluster_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/configs/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/image_registry_tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/__init__.py
savannadashboard/tests/node_group_template_tests/__init__.py
>>> nova/test.txt: 92 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
nova/testing/fake/__init__.py
nova/testing/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/ec2/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/plugins/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/compute/plugins/v3/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/extensions/foxinsocks/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/v2/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
nova/tests/api/rackspace/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/cells/__init__.py
nova/tests/cert/__init__.py
nova/tests/compute/__init__.py
nova/tests/compute/monitors/__init__.py
nova/tests/conductor/__init__.py
nova/tests/conductor/tasks/__init__.py
nova/tests/consoleauth/__init__.py
nova/tests/console/__init__.py
nova/tests/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/fake_loadables/__init__.py
nova/tests/glance/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/image/__init__.py
nova/tests/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/__init__.py
nova/tests/integrated/v3/__init__.py
nova/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
nova/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
nova/tests/network/__init__.py
nova/tests/network/security_group/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/objects/__init__.py
nova/tests/pci/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/servicegroup/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/mount/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/disk/vfs/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/docker/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/powervm/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/client/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/image/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/imageupload/__init__.py
nova/tests/virt/xenapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/volume/encryptors/__init__.py
nova/tests/volume/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
smoketests/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> tacker-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> stackalytics/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> neutron-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> git-upstream/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
git_upstream/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.rootwrap/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-designateclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
designateclient/tests/__init__.py
monikerclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> congress/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congress/datasources/tests/unit/__init__.py
congress/datasources/tests/__init__.py
congress/dse/tests/__init__.py
congress/policy/tests/__init__.py
congress/tests/api/__init__.py
congress/tests/common/__init__.py
congress/tests/__init__.py
src/policy/tests/__init__.py
>>> git-review/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
git_review/tests/__init__.py
>>> horizon/test.txt: 45 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/test/customization/__init__.py
horizon/test/dummy_auth/__init__.py
horizon/test/__init__.py
horizon/test/jasmine/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_panels/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_panels/plugin_panel/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_plugins/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_plugins/panel_config/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_plugins/panel_group_config/__init__.py
horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/pages/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/integration_tests/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
>>> murano-common/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
muranocommon/tests/helpers/__init__.py
muranocommon/tests/__init__.py
>>> pycadf/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pycadf/tests/audit/__init__.py
pycadf/tests/__init__.py
pycadf/tests/middleware/__init__.py
>>> gnocchi/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gnocchi/tests/__init__.py
>>> lodgeit/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unittest/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/utilities/__init__.py
>>> oslo.messaging/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/messaging/__init__.py
tests/drivers/__init__.py
tests/executors/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/notify/__init__.py
tests/rpc/__init__.py
>>> refstack/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
refstack/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
refstack/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> swift-bench/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-glanceclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> oslotest/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/test/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/test/__init__.py
oslotest/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
oslo/test/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> gerrit/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
webapp/django/test/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/auth/tests/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/distapp/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/geoapp/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/layermap/__init__.py
webapp/django/contrib/gis/tests/relatedapp/__init__.py
>>> python-melangeclient/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
melange_client/tests/unit/helper/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/unit/helper/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange_client/tests/__init__.py
melange/client/tests/__init__.py
>>> neutron/test.txt: 153 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test_scripts/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/nexus/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/test/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/test/nexus/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/client_tools/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/client_tools/__init__.py
tests/unit/client_tools/__init__.py
client/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/cfg_agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/arista/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/mech_sriov/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/vshield/common/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nicira/vshield/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/opencontrail/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/logging_noop/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/sriovnicagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/apiclient/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/unit/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/nexus/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/unit/v2/ucs/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/nicira/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/driver/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/driver/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/agent_loadbalancer/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
quantum/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
client/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/tests/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/__init__.py
plugins/cisco-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/__init__.py
plugins/openvswitch-plugin/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/cisco/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/linuxbridge/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/metaplugin/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nec/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/nicira/nicira_nvp_plugin/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/openvswitch/tests/__init__.py
quantum/plugins/ryu/tests/__init__.py
quantum/tests/__init__.py
server/lib/quantum/tests/__init__.py
smoketests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> storyboard/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
storyboard/tests/api/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/db/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
storyboard/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-ceilometerclient/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometerclient/tests/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
ceilometerclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> requests-mock/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
requests_mock/tests/__init__.py
>>> refstack-client/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> bindep/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bindep/tests/__init__.py
>>> docs-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> monasca-notification/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> os-loganalyze/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_loganalyze/tests/__init__.py
>>> novaimagebuilder/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
imagebuilder/api/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-specs/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tripleo-specs/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-ironicclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironicclient/tests/__init__.py
ironicclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> swift3/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
swift3/test/__init__.py
swift3/test/unit/__init__.py
>>> python-openstackclient/test.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstackclient/tests/common/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/compute/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/identity/v3/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/image/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/v2_0/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/network/v2/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/v1/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/object/v1/lib/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/volume/__init__.py
openstackclient/tests/volume/v1/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/identity/__init__.py
tests/image/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/volume/__init__.py
>>> sahara-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> swiftpolicy/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-blazarclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
climateclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> zaqar/test.txt: 48 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/proxy/__init__.py
tests/unit/proxy/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/common/__init__.py
marconi/tests/functional/__init__.py
marconi/tests/functional/util/__init__.py
marconi/tests/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/storage/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
marconi/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
marconi/tests/storage/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/claim/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/common/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/etc/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/messages/__init__.py
marconi/tests/system/queue/__init__.py
marconi/tests/transport/__init__.py
marconi/tests/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
marconi/tests/util/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
tests/functional/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/storage/__init__.py
tests/transport/__init__.py
tests/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/functional/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/storage/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1_1/__init__.py
zaqar/tests/queues/transport/wsgi/v1/__init__.py
>>> warm/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
warm/tests/__init__.py
>>> heat/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat/testing/fake/__init__.py
heat/testing/__init__.py
heat/tests/unit/__init__.py
contrib/barbican/barbican/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker/docker/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker_plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker-plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/docker/tests/__init__.py
contrib/extraroute/extraroute/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_barbican/heat_barbican/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_keystoneclient_v2/heat_keystoneclient_v2/tests/__init__.py
contrib/heat_marconi/heat_marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi-plugin/tests/__init__.py
contrib/marconi/tests/__init__.py
contrib/nova_flavor/nova_flavor/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/heat/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/rackspace/tests/__init__.py
contrib/rackspace/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/db/__init__.py
heat/tests/examples/__init__.py
heat/tests/functional/__init__.py
heat/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
>>> ospurge/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ospurge/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-keystoneclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystoneclient/tests/apiclient/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/auth/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/generic/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/v2_0/__init__.py
keystoneclient/tests/v3/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v2_0/__init__.py
tests/v3/__init__.py
>>> python-jenkins/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> trove-integration/test.txt: 24 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/dns/__init__.py
tests/guest/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/api/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/dns/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/guest/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/openvz/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/reaper/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/recreates/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/smoke/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/util/__init__.py
tests/integration/tests/volumes/__init__.py
tests/openvz/__init__.py
tests/reaper/__init__.py
tests/scheduler/__init__.py
tests/util/__init__.py
tests/volumes/__init__.py
>>> python-magnetodbclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magnetodbclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-zaqarclient/test.txt: 29 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/auth/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/openstack/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/openstack/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/http/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/transport/zmq/__init__.py
tests/unit/queues/v1/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/http/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/zmq/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/mock/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/queues/__init__.py
marconiclient/tests/transport/__init__.py
tests/auth/__init__.py
tests/common/apiclient/auth/__init__.py
tests/common/apiclient/__init__.py
tests/common/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/queues/__init__.py
tests/functional/queues/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/mock/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/queues/__init__.py
zaqarclient/tests/transport/__init__.py
>>> fuel-library/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_test/ci/__init__.py
fuel_test/cobbler40/__init__.py
fuel_test/cobbler/__init__.py
fuel_test/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack_simple/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack_swift_compact/__init__.py
fuel_test/openstack_swift/__init__.py
fuel_test/swift/__init__.py
>>> cinder-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.i18n/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-muranoclient/test.txt: 32 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
muranoclient/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/muranoclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> turbo-hipster/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/task_plugins/gate_real_db_upgrade/__init__.py
tests/task_plugins/__init__.py
turbo_hipster/tests/__init__.py
>>> pbr/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
oslo/packaging/tests/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/tests/__init__.py
pbr/d2to1/tests/testpackage/d2to1_testpackage/__init__.py
pbr/tests/__init__.py
pbr/tests/testpackage/pbr_testpackage/__init__.py
>>> python-ganttclient/test.txt: 35 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
nova/testing/fake/__init__.py
nova/testing/__init__.py
ganttclient/tests/__init__.py
ganttclient/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> tempest/test.txt: 35 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tempest/test_discover/__init__.py
tempest/tests/boto/utils/__init__.py
tempest/tests/common/utils/__init__.py
tempest/tests/common/utils/linux/__init__.py
kong/tests/__init__.py
storm/tests/__init__.py
tempest/tests/boto/__init__.py
tempest/tests/cli/__init__.py
tempest/tests/cmd/__init__.py
tempest/tests/common/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/flavors/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/floating_ips/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/images/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/keypairs/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/limits/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/security_groups/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/servers/__init__.py
tempest/tests/compute/volumes/__init__.py
tempest/tests/files/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/admin/v3/__init__.py
tempest/tests/identity/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
tempest/tests/image/v2/__init__.py
tempest/tests/__init__.py
tempest/tests/negative/__init__.py
tempest/tests/network/__init__.py
tempest/tests/object_storage/__init__.py
tempest/tests/stress/__init__.py
tempest/tests/volume/admin/__init__.py
tempest/tests/volume/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-mistralclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
mistralclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
functionaltests/cli/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/client/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/client/v1/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/cli/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/cli/v1/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/functional/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> diskimage-builder/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
diskimage_builder/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-manilaclient/test.txt: 82 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/matchers/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/testresult/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/matchers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/testresult/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/jinja2/testsuite/res/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/arguments/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/commands/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/repository/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/ui/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/matchers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/testresult/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/extras/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/_fixtures/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/fixtures/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/simplejson/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/subunit/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/arguments/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/commands/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/repository/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testrepository/tests/ui/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/testtools/tests/matchers/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/old/contrib/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/__init__.py
tests/old/v2/shares/__init__.py
tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v1/shares/__init__.py
tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/v2/shares/__init__.py
.tox/pep8/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py26/lib/python2.6/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.tox/py27/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
.venv/lib/python2.7/site-packages/setuptools/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf/test.txt: 27 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_plugin/testing/test_utils/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/unit/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/unit/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/test_utils/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/ha/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/heat/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/platform_smoke_tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/platform_tests/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/sanity/__init__.py
fuel_health/tests/smoke/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/dependent_testsets/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/deployment_types_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/fixture/dummy_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/functional/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/functional/manual/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/testing/tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/dummy_tests/deployment_types_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/functional/manual/__init__.py
fuel_plugin/tests/__init__.py
fuel/tests/__init__.py
fuel/tests/sanity/__init__.py
fuel/tests/smoke/__init__.py
>>> poppy/test.txt: 37 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
tests/unit/base/__init__.py
tests/unit/common/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/manager/default/__init__.py
tests/unit/manager/__init__.py
tests/unit/model/helpers/__init__.py
tests/unit/model/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/fastly/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/mock/__init__.py
tests/unit/provider/sample/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/cassandra/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/__init__.py
tests/unit/storage/mockdb/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/falcon/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/__init__.py
tests/unit/transport/pecan/__init__.py
tests/api/utils/__init__.py
tests/api/utils/models/__init__.py
tests/api/utils/schema/__init__.py
cdn/tests/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/services/__init__.py
tests/functional/base/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/functional/manager/default/__init__.py
tests/functional/manager/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/controllers/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/hooks/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/pecan/pecan_app/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/validator/__init__.py
tests/functional/transport/validator/pecan_app/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_validator/pecan_app/__init__.py
>>> tripleo-image-elements/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
elements/os-svc-install/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> monasca-agent/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
jahmon/tests/__init__.py
monagent/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> opencafe/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cafe/drivers/unittest/__init__.py
cafe/drivers/unittest/loaders/__init__.py
plugins/skip_on_issue/cafe/drivers/unittest/__init__.py
cafe/tests/common/__init__.py
cafe/tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
cafe/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
cafe/tests/engine/__init__.py
cafe/tests/__init__.py
cafe/tests/resources/__init__.py
cafe/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
plugins/http/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
plugins/http/tests/engine/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/tests/resources/__init__.py
plugins/rsyslog/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
tests/common/__init__.py
tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
tests/engine/http/__init__.py
tests/engine/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/resources/__init__.py
tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
tests/tests/common/__init__.py
tests/tests/common/reporting/__init__.py
tests/tests/engine/http/__init__.py
tests/tests/engine/__init__.py
tests/tests/__init__.py
tests/tests/resources/__init__.py
tests/tests/resources/rsyslog/__init__.py
>>> ceilometer-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.middleware/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> wsme/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/pecantest/test/controllers/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/model/__init__.py
tests/pecantest/test/tests/__init__.py
ews/tests/__init__.py
wsmeext/tests/__init__.py
wsme/tests/__init__.py
>>> gantt/test.txt: 37 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
nova/testing/fake/__init__.py
nova/testing/__init__.py
gantt/tests/image/__init__.py
gantt/tests/__init__.py
gantt/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
nova/tests/example/__init__.py
nova/tests/hyperv/__init__.py
nova/tests/__init__.py
nova/tests/notifier/__init__.py
nova/tests/rpc/__init__.py
nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
nova/tests/vmwareapi/__init__.py
nova/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-swiftclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.vmware/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/objects/__init__.py
>>> keystonemiddleware/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystonemiddleware/tests/apiclient/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/auth/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/generic/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/v2_0/__init__.py
keystonemiddleware/tests/v3/__init__.py
>>> melange/test.txt: 35 bladfafhafadfa.txt
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/conch/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/internet/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/lore/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/mail/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/manhole/ui/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/names/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/news/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/pair/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/protocols/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/python/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/runner/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/scripts/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/trial/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/web/test/__init__.py
vendor/Twisted-10.0.0/twisted/words/test/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/distutils/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/commands/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/__init__.py
test/lib/python2.6/site-packages/pip-0.8.1-py2.6.egg/pip/vcs/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/ipv4/db_based_ip_generator/__init__.py
melange/tests/unit/ipv4/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/factories/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
melange/tests/factories/__init__.py
melange/tests/functional/__init__.py
melange/tests/__init__.py
tests/factories/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
vendor/boto/boto/tests/__init__.py
vendor/redis-py/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> rack/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rack/tests/api/__init__.py
rack/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
rack/tests/db/__init__.py
rack/tests/__init__.py
rack/tests/resourceoperator/__init__.py
rack/tests/resourceoperator/openstack/__init__.py
rack/tests/servicegroup/__init__.py
>>> ec2-api/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ec2api/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo-incubator/test.txt: 23 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/paste/templates/openstack/tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/apiclient/__init__.py
tests/unit/cache/__init__.py
tests/unit/config/__init__.py
tests/unit/crypto/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/unit/deprecated/__init__.py
tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tests/unit/fake/__init__.py
tests/unit/fixture/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/middleware/__init__.py
tests/unit/notifier/__init__.py
tests/unit/plugin/__init__.py
tests/unit/reports/__init__.py
tests/unit/rpc/__init__.py
tests/unit/scheduler/__init__.py
openstack/paste/templates/openstack/tests/functional/__init__.py
openstack/paste/templates/openstack/tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/testmods/__init__.py
>>> oslo.concurrency/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> sahara/test.txt: 86 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sahara/tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/utils/openstack/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
eho/tests/unit/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/conductor/manager/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/cdh/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/general/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/hadoop2/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/spark/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/validation/edp/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/service/validation/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/swift/__init__.py
sahara/tests/unit/topology/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/conductor/manager/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/models/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db_new/conductor_api/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db_new/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/db/storage/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/general/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/hdp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/client/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/client/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v2_5_1/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/intel/v3_0_2/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v1_2_1/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/plugins/vanilla/v2_3_0/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/plugins/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/plugins/vanilla/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/scaling/service/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/edp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/edp/workflow_creator/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/validation/edp/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/service/validation/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/swift/__init__.py
savanna/tests/unit/topology/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/hadoop_config_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/hadoop_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/scaling_test/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/swift_test/__init__.py
eho/tests/__init__.py
sahara/tests/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/tests/gating/__init__.py
sahara/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/configs/parameters/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/crud_tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/configs/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/tests/gating/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration_new/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/other_tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/test_config/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/tests/gating/__init__.py
savanna/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/swift/__init__.py
>>> satori/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
satori/tests/__init__.py
>>> gear/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gear/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-docker/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novadocker/tests/__init__.py
novadocker/tests/virt/docker/__init__.py
novadocker/tests/virt/__init__.py
>>> subunit2sql/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
subunit2sql/tests/db/__init__.py
subunit2sql/tests/__init__.py
subunit2sql/tests/migrations/__init__.py
>>> murano-docs/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> os-apply-config/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_apply_config/tests/__init__.py
os_config_applier/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-devops/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
src/test/__init__.py
devops/tests/__init__.py
src/devops/tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-deployment/test.txt: 28 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> tuskar/test.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskar/tests/templates/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/tests/__init__.py
ironic/tests/manager/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/controllers/v2/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/api/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/cmd/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/db/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/heat/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/manager/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/storage/drivers/__init__.py
tuskar/tests/storage/__init__.py
>>> driverlog/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-novaclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
novaclient/tests/fixture_data/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v1_1/contrib/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
novaclient/tests/v3/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1_0/__init__.py
tests/v1_1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1_1/__init__.py
>>> murano/test.txt: 66 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/common/helpers/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/db/migration/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/dsl/foundation/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/dsl/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/packages/__init__.py
murano/tests/unit/packages/versions/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/engine/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/api/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/common/helpers/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/common/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/__init__.py
muranoapi/tests/nose_plugins/__init__.py
murano/tests/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/common/helpers/__init__.py
murano/tests/common/__init__.py
murano/tests/db/__init__.py
murano/tests/db/migration/__init__.py
murano/tests/dsl/foundation/__init__.py
murano/tests/dsl/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/api/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/api/v1/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/engine/__init__.py
murano/tests/functional/__init__.py
murano/tests/__init__.py
murano/tests/nose_plugins/__init__.py
murano/tests/packages/__init__.py
murano/tests/packages/versions/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> cliff/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cliff/tests/__init__.py
>>> tacker/test.txt: 86 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/cisco/test/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/agentnotifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/api/rpc/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/bigswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/cisco/n1kv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/db/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/hyperv/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ibm/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/linuxbridge/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/metaplugin/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/midonet/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/brocade/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/apic/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/cisco/nexus/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ml2/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/mlnx/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nec/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/notifiers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/nuage/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ofagent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/oneconvergence/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/openvswitch/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/plumgrid/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/ryu/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/l3reference/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/agents/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/drivers/varmour/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/firewall/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/l3_router/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/embrane/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/haproxy/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/netscaler/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/drivers/radware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/loadbalancer/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/metering/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/device_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/services/vpn/service_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/apiclient/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/db/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/extensions/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/nsxlib/__init__.py
neutron/tests/unit/vmware/vshield/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/agent/linux/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/extensions/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/drivers/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/__init__.py
tacker/tests/unit/services/vm/mgmt_drivers/__init__.py
neutron/plugins/bigswitch/tests/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/__init__.py
neutron/tests/functional/sanity/__init__.py
neutron/tests/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/agent/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/agent/linux/__init__.py
tacker/tests/functional/__init__.py
tacker/tests/__init__.py
>>> tooz/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tooz/tests/drivers/__init__.py
tooz/tests/__init__.py
>>> tuskar-ui/test.txt: 40 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon/test/customization/__init__.py
horizon/test/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/test_data/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/test_driver/__init__.py
horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/api_tests/__init__.py
tuskar_ui/test/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/__init__.py
django-nova/src/django_nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/dash/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/syspanel/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/nova/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/__init__.py
django-openstack/src/django_openstack/tests/view_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
horizon/tests/api_tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_dashboards/__init__.py
horizon/tests/test_data/__init__.py
>>> python-cinderclient/test.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinderclient/tests/fixture_data/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
cinderclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/v2/contrib/__init__.py
tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> murano-conductor/test.txt: 30 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
tests/conductor/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-barbicanclient/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
barbicanclient/test/common/__init__.py
barbicanclient/test/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> staccato/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova_plugin/staccato_nova_download/tests/unit/__init__.py
staccato/tests/unit/__init__.py
staccato/tests/unit/v1/__init__.py
nova_plugin/staccato_nova_download/tests/__init__.py
staccato/tests/functional/__init__.py
staccato/tests/__init__.py
staccato/tests/integration/__init__.py
>>> ceilometer/test.txt: 64 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ceilometer/tests/alarm/evaluator/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/alarm/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/alarm/partition/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/central/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/collector/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/collector/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/compute/virt/vmware/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/data_processing/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/dispatcher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/energy/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/event/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/inspector/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/notifications/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/hardware/pollsters/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/identity/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/image/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/services/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/opencontrail/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/network/statistics/opendaylight/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/objectstore/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/orchestration/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/profiler/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/publisher/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/storage/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ceilometer/tests/volume/__init__.py
nova_tests/__init__.py
tests/agent/__init__.py
tests/alarm/evaluator/__init__.py
tests/alarm/__init__.py
tests/alarm/partition/__init__.py
tests/api/__init__.py
tests/api/v1/__init__.py
tests/api/v2/__init__.py
tests/central/__init__.py
tests/collector/dispatcher/__init__.py
tests/collector/__init__.py
tests/compute/__init__.py
tests/compute/pollsters/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/hyperv/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/__init__.py
tests/compute/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
tests/energy/__init__.py
tests/image/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/network/__init__.py
tests/objectstore/__init__.py
tests/publisher/__init__.py
tests/storage/__init__.py
tests/storage/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/volume/__init__.py
>>> murano-agent/test.txt: 30 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
muranoagent/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-agent/muranoagent/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> entropy/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
entropy/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-tackerclient/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutronclient/tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/unit/vm/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/__init__.py
tackerclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> cloudroast/test.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test_repo/cloudkeep/barbican/functional/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/barbican/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/barbican/smoke/__init__.py
cloudroast/database/smoketest/__init__.py
test_repo/database/smoketest/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/client_lib/functional/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/client_lib/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/client_lib/smoke/__init__.py
test_repo/cloudkeep/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/admin/actions/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/admin/hosts/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/admin/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/keypairs/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/rescue/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/extensions/security_groups/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/flavors/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/images/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/keypairs/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/servers/actions/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/functional/servers/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/integration/identity/__init__.py
test_repo/compute/integration/__init__.py
test_repo/database/__init__.py
test_repo/database/neg_regr/__init__.py
test_repo/database/pos_regr/__init__.py
test_repo/database/pos_regr/mgmt/__init__.py
test_repo/identity/__init__.py
test_repo/__init__.py
test_repo/meniscus/__init__.py
test_repo/meniscus/smoke/__init__.py
test_repo/objectstorage/__init__.py
test_repo/objectstorage/regression/__init__.py
test_repo/objectstorage/smoke/__init__.py
>>> pecan/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
pecan/templates/project/+package+/tests/__init__.py
pecan/tests/templates/__init__.py
tests/templates/__init__.py
pecan/tests/compat/__init__.py
pecan/tests/__init__.py
pecan/tests/middleware/__init__.py
pecan/tests/scaffold_fixtures/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/bad/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing_app/__init__.py
pecan/tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/test_config/bad/__init__.py
tests/test_config/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing_app/__init__.py
tests/test_config/sample_apps/sample_app_missing/__init__.py
>>> cloudkitty/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> bashate/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bash8/tests/__init__.py
bashate/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-solver-scheduler/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/tests/scheduler/solvers/__init__.py
>>> surveil/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
surveil/tests/api/controllers/__init__.py
surveil/tests/api/controllers/v1/__init__.py
surveil/tests/api/__init__.py
surveil/tests/__init__.py
>>> devstack-gate/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-openstacksdk/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack/tests/auth/identity/__init__.py
openstack/tests/auth/__init__.py
openstack/tests/compute/__init__.py
openstack/tests/compute/v2/__init__.py
openstack/tests/database/__init__.py
openstack/tests/database/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/image/__init__.py
openstack/tests/image/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/__init__.py
openstack/tests/network/__init__.py
openstack/tests/network/v2/__init__.py
openstack/tests/object_store/__init__.py
openstack/tests/object_store/v1/__init__.py
openstack/tests/telemetry/__init__.py
openstack/tests/telemetry/v2/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfntools/test.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat/testing/fake/__init__.py
heat/testing/__init__.py
heat/tests/unit/__init__.py
heat_cfntools/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/examples/__init__.py
heat/tests/__init__.py
heat/tests/v1_1/__init__.py
>>> keystone-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> rally/test.txt: 50 bladfafhafadfa.txt
rally/benchmark/test_scenarios/__init__.py
tests_ci/__init__.py
rally/tests/db/__init__.py
rally/tests/__init__.py
tests/aas/__init__.py
tests/aas/rest/controllers/__init__.py
tests/aas/rest/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/cleanup/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/context/quotas/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/processing/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/runners/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/authenticate/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/ceilometer/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/cinder/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/dummy/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/glance/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/heat/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/keystone/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/neutron/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/nova/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/quotas/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/requests/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/sahara/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/tempest/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/scenarios/vm/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/sla/__init__.py
tests/benchmark/wrappers/__init__.py
tests/cmd/commands/__init__.py
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/deploy/engines/__init__.py
tests/deploy/__init__.py
tests/deploy/serverprovider/__init__.py
tests/deploy/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
tests/doc/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/import/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/import/package/__init__.py
tests/fixtures/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/objects/__init__.py
tests/orchestrator/__init__.py
tests/rally_scenarios/__init__.py
tests/serverprovider/__init__.py
tests/serverprovider/providers/__init__.py
tests/verification/__init__.py
tests/verification/verifiers/__init__.py
tests/vmprovider/__init__.py
>>> magnetodb/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/amz/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/openstack/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/api/openstack/v1/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/common/notifier/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/driver/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/impl/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/manager/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/unittests/storage/table_info_repo/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/api/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/fake/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/__init__.py
magnetodb/tests/storage/__init__.py
>>> python-tuskarclient/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tuskarclient/tests/common/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/integration/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v1_0/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
tuskarclient/tests/v2/__init__.py
>>> taskflow/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
taskflow/tests/unit/conductor/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/jobs/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/memory_api/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/patterns/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/persistence/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/sql_db_api/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/unit/worker_based/__init__.py
taskflow/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> elastic-recheck/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
elastic_recheck/tests/unit/__init__.py
elastic_recheck/tests/functional/__init__.py
elastic_recheck/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-monascaclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monascaclient/tests/__init__.py
monclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> cookiecutter/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
package/tests/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
repo_name/tests/__init__.py
>>> manila/test.txt: 45 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
manila/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
manila/tests/backup/__init__.py
manila/tests/brick/__init__.py
manila/tests/compute/__init__.py
manila/tests/db/__init__.py
manila/tests/glance/__init__.py
manila/tests/image/__init__.py
manila/tests/__init__.py
manila/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
manila/tests/integrated/__init__.py
manila/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
manila/tests/netapp/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/linux/__init__.py
manila/tests/network/neutron/__init__.py
manila/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
manila/tests/share/__init__.py
manila/tests/volume/__init__.py
manila/tests/windows/__init__.py
manila/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
>>> python-neutronclient/test.txt: 15 bladfafhafadfa.txt
neutronclient/tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
quantum/client/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
tests/unit/fw/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/unit/lb/__init__.py
tests/unit/vpn/__init__.py
neutronclient/tests/__init__.py
quantum/client/tests/__init__.py
quantumclient/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> django_openstack_auth/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
openstack_auth/tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic/nova/tests/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/virt/__init__.py
ironic/nova/tests/virt/ironic/__init__.py
ironic/tests/api/__init__.py
ironic/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
ironic/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
ironic/tests/conductor/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/__init__.py
ironic/tests/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/ilo/__init__.py
ironic/tests/drivers/__init__.py
ironic/tests/__init__.py
ironic/tests/manager/__init__.py
ironic/tests/objects/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/db/__init__.py
nova/tests/baremetal/__init__.py
>>> glance.store/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
glance/store/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> graffiti/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
graffiti/api/tests/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/db/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/drivers/__init__.py
graffiti/tests/__init__.py
>>> nodepool/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nodepool/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.utils/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/fake/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-repository/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
muranorepository/tests/fixtures/__init__.py
muranorepository/tests/__init__.py
>>> glance/test.txt: 18 bladfafhafadfa.txt
glance/tests/unit/api/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/api/middleware/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/v1/__init__.py
glance/tests/unit/v2/__init__.py
tests/unit/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/db/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/store/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/v1/__init__.py
glance/tests/functional/v2/__init__.py
glance/tests/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/legacy_functional/__init__.py
glance/tests/integration/v2/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> logaas/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/db/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-opentsdbclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
opentsdbclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-solumclient/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumclient/tests/builder/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/builder/v1/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/common/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/__init__.py
solumclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> keystone/test.txt: 22 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystone/test/client/__init__.py
keystone/test/functional/__init__.py
keystone/test/__init__.py
keystone/test/system/__init__.py
keystone/test/unit/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/unit/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/catalog/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/identity/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/__init__.py
keystone/tests/unit/token/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/api/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/api/v1/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/db/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/fixture/__init__.py
keystone/tests/contrib/kds/__init__.py
keystone/tests/fixtures/__init__.py
keystone/tests/__init__.py
keystone/tests/ksfixtures/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> kite/test.txt: 5 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kite/tests/unit/__init__.py
kite/tests/api/__init__.py
kite/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
kite/tests/db/__init__.py
kite/tests/__init__.py
>>> trove/test.txt: 47 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reddwarf/tests/unit/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unit/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/api/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/backup/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/guestagent/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/mgmt/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/quota/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/router/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/secgroups/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/taskmanager/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/unittests/util/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/api/common/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/api/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/backup/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/common/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/conductor/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/configuration/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/datastore/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/dns/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/guestagent/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/instance/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/mgmt/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/mysql/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/network/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/quota/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/router/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/secgroups/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/taskmanager/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/upgrade/__init__.py
trove/tests/unittests/util/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/api/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/factories/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/fakes/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/functional/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/guestagent/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/__init__.py
reddwarf/tests/util/__init__.py
trove/tests/api/__init__.py
trove/tests/api/mgmt/__init__.py
trove/tests/fakes/__init__.py
trove/tests/__init__.py
trove/tests/util/__init__.py
>>> sqlalchemy-migrate/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test/changeset/__init__.py
test/fixture/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/integrated/__init__.py
test/versioning/__init__.py
migrate/tests/changeset/databases/__init__.py
migrate/tests/changeset/__init__.py
migrate/tests/fixture/__init__.py
migrate/tests/__init__.py
migrate/tests/integrated/__init__.py
migrate/tests/versioning/__init__.py
tests/changeset/__init__.py
tests/fixture/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integrated/__init__.py
tests/versioning/__init__.py
>>> heat-cfnclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat_cfnclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.config/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/testmods/__init__.py
>>> stacktach/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/integration/__init__.py
>>> fuel-main/test.txt: 21 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nailgun/nailgun/test/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/integration/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/unit/__init__.py
nailgun/test/__init__.py
shotgun/shotgun/test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/helpers/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/integration/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/models/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests_strength/__init__.py
fuelweb_ui_test/__init__.py
fuelweb_ui_test/pageobjects/__init__.py
test/cookbooks/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/integration/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/puppet_tests/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/tests_os_patching/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/tests/tests_strength/__init__.py
fuelweb_ui_test/tests/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/tests/__init__.py
>>> barbican/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
barbican/functionaltests/__init__.py
barbican/tests/api/__init__.py
barbican/tests/api/tenant/__init__.py
barbican/tests/common/__init__.py
barbican/tests/crypto/__init__.py
barbican/tests/__init__.py
barbican/tests/model/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/crypto/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/interface/__init__.py
barbican/tests/plugin/util/__init__.py
barbican/tests/queue/__init__.py
barbican/tests/tasks/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
>>> octavia/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
octavia/tests/__init__.py
specs-tests/tests/__init__.py
>>> libra/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
lbaas/tests/__init__.py
libra/api/tests/__init__.py
libra/tests/admin_api/__init__.py
libra/tests/api/__init__.py
libra/tests/api/v1_1/__init__.py
libra/tests/__init__.py
libra/tests/mgm/___init__.py
libra/tests/worker/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> python-troveclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
troveclient/compat/tests/__init__.py
troveclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.serialization/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> osprofiler/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/notifiers/__init__.py
tests/parsers/__init__.py
>>> stevedore/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
stevedore/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo.db/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/unit/db/__init__.py
tests/unit/db/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/sqlalchemy/__init__.py
>>> requirements/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> murano-dashboard/test.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
muranodashboard/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/test/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
functionaltests/config/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/functional/config/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/functional/__init__.py
muranodashboard/tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> zuul/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> swift/test.txt: 19 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test/bin/__init__.py
test/functional/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/probe/__init__.py
test/unit/account/__init__.py
test/unit/auth/__init__.py
test/unit/cli/__init__.py
test/unit/common/__init__.py
test/unit/common/middleware/__init__.py
test/unit/common/ring/__init__.py
test/unit/container/__init__.py
test/unit/__init__.py
test/unit/locale/__init__.py
test/unit/obj/__init__.py
test/unit/proxy/controllers/__init__.py
test/unit/proxy/__init__.py
test/unit/stats/__init__.py
test/unit/test_locale/__init__.py
test/functionalnosetests/__init__.py
>>> python-saharaclient/test.txt: 9 bladfafhafadfa.txt
saharaclient/tests/unit/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/unit/nova/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/configs/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/integration/tests/__init__.py
saharaclient/tests/nova/__init__.py
savannaclient/tests/__init__.py
savannaclient/tests/nova/__init__.py
>>> reviewstats/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
reviewstats/tests/__init__.py
>>> heat-translator/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heat-translator/tosca/tests/__init__.py
translator/tests/__init__.py
translator/toscalib/tests/__init__.py
>>> oslo-cookiecutter/test.txt: 8 bladfafhafadfa.txt
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
{{cookiecutter.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/oslo/{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
oslo.{{cookiecutter.module_name}}/tests/__init__.py
package/tests/__init__.py
{{project.repo_name}}/tests/__init__.py
repo_name/tests/__init__.py
>>> freezer/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
freezer/test/__init__.py
>>> compass-adapters/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
chef/cookbooks/python/src/10/loading_modules_from_a_remote_machine_using_import_hooks/testcode/grok/__init__.py
>>> os-cloud-config/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_cloud_config/cmd/tests/__init__.py
os_cloud_config/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-heatclient/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
heatclient/tests/__init__.py
heatclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> cachemonkey/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cachemonkey/tests/__init__.py
cachemonkey/tests/publisher/__init__.py
>>> billingstack/test.txt: 16 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billingstack/tests/api/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/biller/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/biller/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/central/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/central/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/collector/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/collector/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/identity/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/payment_gateway/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/rater/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/rater/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/storage/__init__.py
billingstack/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> cloudcafe/test.txt: 106 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/hosts/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/quotas/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/unit/security_group_rules/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/hosts/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/hypervisors/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/quotas/__init__.py
cloudcafe/compute/tests/integration/security_group_rules/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v1/models/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/__init__.py
metatests/blockstorage/volumes_api/v2/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/chassis/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/common/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/drivers/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/nodes/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/bare_metal/ports/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/common/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/common/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/console_output/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/rescue/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/vnc_console/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/extensions/volumes_boot_api/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/flavors/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/flavors/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hosts/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/hypervisors/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/images/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/images/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/limits/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/limits/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/quotas/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/client/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/security_group_rules/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/servers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/compute/servers/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/models/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/identity/v2_0/tenants-api/models/responses/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/floating_ips/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/networks/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/routers/__init__.py
metatests/cloudcafe/networking/subnets/__init__.py
metatests/images/__init__.py
metatests/images/v1_0/__init__.py
metatests/images/v1_0/models/__init__.py
metatests/images/v2_0/__init__.py
metatests/images/v2_0/models/__init__.py
metatests/__init__.py
metatests/networking/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/common/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/behaviors/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/clients/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/health_monitor/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/listener/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/load_balancer/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/member/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/request/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/models/response/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/pool/__init__.py
metatests/networking/lbaas/lbaas_api/session_persistence/__init__.py
metatests/objectstorage/__init__.py
metatests/objectstorage/objectstorage_api/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/novacli/__init__.py
metatests/openstackcli/novacli/models/__init__.py
>>> bufunfa/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
billistix/tests/__init__.py
billistix/tests/test_central/__init__.py
billistix/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/test_central/__init__.py
bufunfa/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> anvil/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
anvil/tests/__init__.py
>>> packstack/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
tests/installer/__init__.py
tests/modules/__init__.py
>>> monasca-ui/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
monitoring/test/__init__.py
monitoring/test/test_data/__init__.py
>>> openvz-nova-driver/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova/tests/openvz/__init__.py
ovznovadriver/tests/openvz/__init__.py
>>> os-refresh-config/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_refresh_config/tests/__init__.py
>>> fuel-web/test.txt: 25 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nailgun/nailgun/test/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/integration/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/test/unit/__init__.py
nailgun/test/__init__.py
shotgun/shotgun/test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/__init__.py
fuelweb_test/integration/__init__.py
test/cookbooks/__init__.py
test/__init__.py
test/integration/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
network_checker/dhcp_checker/tests/unit/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/dhcp_checker/tests/system/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/__init__.py
dhcp-checker/tests/system/__init__.py
fuel_agent_ci/fuel_agent_ci/tests/__init__.py
fuel_agent/fuel_agent/tests/__init__.py
fuelclient/tests/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_update_downloader/fuel_update_downloader/tests/__init__.py
fuel_upgrade_system/fuel_upgrade/fuel_upgrade/tests/__init__.py
nailgun/nailgun/tests/__init__.py
network_checker/dhcp_checker/tests/system/__init__.py
network_checker/net_check/tests/__init__.py
network_checker/network_checker/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-kiteclient/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
kiteclient/tests/__init__.py
kiteclient/tests/v1/__init__.py
>>> mistral/test.txt: 35 bladfafhafadfa.txt
mistral/tests/unit/utils/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/actions/openstack/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/db/v2/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/default/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/local/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/scalable/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/engine/single/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/events/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/triggers/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workbook/v2/__init__.py
mistral/tests/unit/workflow/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/__init__.py
functionaltests/api/v1/__init__.py
functionaltests/__init__.py
mistralclient/tests/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/v1/controllers/__init__.py
mistral/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/api/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/api/v1/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/engine/actions/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/engine/__init__.py
mistral/tests/functional/__init__.py
mistral/tests/__init__.py
mistral/tests/integration/contrib/__init__.py
mistral/tests/workflow/__init__.py
>>> hacking/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
hacking/tests/checks/__init__.py
hacking/tests/__init__.py
>>> occi-os/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/extensions/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> swiftsync/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/units/__init__.py
functional_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> os-collect-config/test.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
os_apply_config/tests/__init__.py
os_collect_config/tests/__init__.py
os_config_applier/tests/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> sahara-guestagent/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
sahara/tests/__init__.py
savanna/tests/__init__.py
>>> ironic-python-agent/test.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
ironic_python_agent/tests/extensions/__init__.py
ironic_python_agent/tests/__init__.py
teeth_agent/tests/__init__.py
>>> designate/test.txt: 36 bladfafhafadfa.txt
contrib/tempest/dns_tests/admin/__init__.py
contrib/tempest/dns_tests/__init__.py
designate/tests/__init__.py
designate/tests/resources/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_agent/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v1/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v2/extensions/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_api/test_v2/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_backend/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_central/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_mdns/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_network_api/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_notification_handler/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_objects/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_quota/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_resources/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_resources/test_schemas/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_schema/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_sink/__init__.py
designate/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
moniker/tests/central/__init__.py
moniker/tests/database/__init__.py
moniker/tests/__init__.py
moniker/tests/storage/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_agent/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_api/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_api/test_v1/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_backend/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_central/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_handler/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_notification_handler/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_plugins/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_quota/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_sink/__init__.py
moniker/tests/test_storage/__init__.py
>>> murano-tests/test.txt: 34 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/glazierdashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/kittens/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/cats/tigers/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/dogs/puppies/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/test_dashboards/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/test_data/__init__.py
dashboard/tabula/test/__init__.py
tabula/tabula/test/__init__.py
windc/tests/unit/__init__.py
dashboard/horizon/test/tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/api_tests/__init__.py
dashboard/openstack_dashboard/test/tests/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/api/__init__.py
api/glazierapi/tests/__init__.py
conductor/tests/conductor/__init__.py
conductor/tests/__init__.py
integration-tests/etc/__init__.py
integration-tests/__init__.py
integrationtests/__init__.py
integration-tests/v1/__init__.py
muranodashboard-tests/config/__init__.py
muranodashboard-tests/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/api/__init__.py
portas/portas/tests/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/glazierclient/__init__.py
python-glazierclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/__init__.py
python-portasclient/tests/portasclient/__init__.py
windc/tests/functional/__init__.py
windc/tests/__init__.py
>>> compass-core/test.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
compass/tests/config_management/utils/__init__.py
compass/tests/utils/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/deploy/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/__init__.py
compass/tests/actions/update_progress/__init__.py
compass/tests/apicommand/__init__.py
compass/tests/api/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/installers/__init__.py
compass/tests/config_management/providers/__init__.py
compass/tests/hdsdiscovery/__init__.py
compass/tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-dashboard/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solumdashboard/tests/__init__.py
>>> jenkins-job-builder/test.txt: 14 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/builders/__init__.py
tests/cmd/__init__.py
tests/general/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
tests/localyaml/__init__.py
tests/macros/__init__.py
tests/notifications/__init__.py
tests/parameters/__init__.py
tests/properties/__init__.py
tests/publishers/__init__.py
tests/scm/__init__.py
tests/triggers/__init__.py
tests/wrappers/__init__.py
tests/yamlparser/__init__.py
>>> cinder/test.txt: 64 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder/testing/fake/__init__.py
cinder/testing/__init__.py
cinder/testing/fake/__init__.py
cinder/testing/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/compute/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/tests/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/tests/zonemanager/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/middleware/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/contrib/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/extensions/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/openstack/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v1/__init__.py
cinder/tests/api/v2/__init__.py
cinder/tests/backup/__init__.py
cinder/tests/brick/__init__.py
cinder/tests/compute/__init__.py
cinder/tests/db/__init__.py
cinder/tests/glance/__init__.py
cinder/tests/image/__init__.py
cinder/tests/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/api/__init__.py
cinder/tests/integrated/__init__.py
cinder/tests/keymgr/__init__.py
cinder/tests/monkey_patch_example/__init__.py
cinder/tests/notifier/__init__.py
cinder/tests/rpc/__init__.py
cinder/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/drivers/netapp/__init__.py
cinder/tests/volume/__init__.py
cinder/tests/windows/__init__.py
cinder/tests/xenapi/__init__.py
cinder/tests/zonemanager/__init__.py
>>> powervc-driver/test.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
cinder-powervc/test/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/volume/driver/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/volume/__init__.py
cinder-powervc/test/powervc/volume/manager/__init__.py
common-powervc/test/common/client/__init__.py
common-powervc/test/common/__init__.py
common-powervc/test/__init__.py
glance-powervc/test/__init__.py
neutron-powervc/test/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/compute/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/virt/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/virt/powervc/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/driver/virt/powervc/sync/__init__.py
nova-powervc/test/nova/__init__.py
>>> glance-specs/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tests/__init__.py
>>> solum-infra-guestagent/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
solum_guestagent/tests/__init__.py
>>> blazar-nova/test.txt: 11 bladfafhafadfa.txt
blazarnova/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/api/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
blazarnova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/api/extensions/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/api/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/scheduler/filters/__init__.py
climatenova/tests/scheduler/__init__.py
climate/tests/__init__.py
>>> python-congressclient/test.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
congressclient/tests/__init__.py
>>> healthnmon/test.txt: 17 bladfafhafadfa.txt
healthnmon/testing/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/api/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/common/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/db/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/notifier/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/profiler/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/resourcemodel/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/events/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/perfmon/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/virt/__init__.py
healthnmon/tests/virtproxy/virt/libvirt/__init__.py
>>> fuel-ostf-plugin/test.txt: 6 bladfafhafadfa.txt
test_utils/__init__.py
tests/utils/__init__.py
functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/dummy_tests/__init__.py
tests/functional/__init__.py
tests/__init__.py
>>> gce-api/test.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
gceapi/tests/api/__init__.py
gceapi/tests/__init__.py
>>> nova/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/dhcpleasor.py
>>> neutron/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/quantum.py
>>> heat/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/run-parser.py
>>> python-ganttclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/dhcpleasor.py
>>> python-manilaclient/other.txt: 34 bladfafhafadfa.txt
.tox/pep8/bin/activate_this.py
.tox/py26/bin/activate_this.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2html.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2latex.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2man.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2odt_prepstyles.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2odt.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2pseudoxml.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2s5.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2xetex.py
.tox/py26/bin/rst2xml.py
.tox/py26/bin/rstpep2html.py
.tox/py27/bin/activate_this.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2html.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2latex.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2man.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2odt_prepstyles.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2odt.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2pseudoxml.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2s5.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2xetex.py
.tox/py27/bin/rst2xml.py
.tox/py27/bin/rstpep2html.py
.venv/bin/activate_this.py
.venv/bin/rst2html.py
.venv/bin/rst2latex.py
.venv/bin/rst2man.py
.venv/bin/rst2odt_prepstyles.py
.venv/bin/rst2odt.py
.venv/bin/rst2pseudoxml.py
.venv/bin/rst2s5.py
.venv/bin/rst2xetex.py
.venv/bin/rst2xml.py
.venv/bin/rstpep2html.py
>>> gantt/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/dhcpleasor.py
>>> melange/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/dhcpleasor.py
>>> fuel-devops/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/dos.py
>>> heat-cfntools/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/run-parser.py
>>> inception/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/launch_docker_instance.py
bin/launch_libvirt_instance.py
>>> glance/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/parallax-server.py
bin/teller-server.py
>>> fuel-main/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/send2syslog.py
bootstrap/sync/usr/bin/net_probe.py
>>> barbican/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/barbican-db-manage.py
bin/barbican-worker.py
>>> libra/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/client.py
>>> swift/other.txt: 25 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/st.py
bin/swift-account-auditor.py
bin/swift-account-audit.py
bin/swift-account-reaper.py
bin/swift-account-replicator.py
bin/swift-account-server.py
bin/swift-account-stats-logger.py
bin/swift-auth-create-account.py
bin/swift-auth-recreate-accounts.py
bin/swift-auth-server.py
bin/swift-container-auditor.py
bin/swift-container-replicator.py
bin/swift-container-server.py
bin/swift-container-updater.py
bin/swift-drive-audit.py
bin/swift-get-nodes.py
bin/swift-init.py
bin/swift-object-auditor.py
bin/swift-object-info.py
bin/swift-object-replicator.py
bin/swift-object-server.py
bin/swift-object-updater.py
bin/swift-proxy-server.py
bin/swift-stats-populate.py
bin/swift-stats-report.py
>>> fuel-web/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/send2syslog.py
bootstrap/sync/usr/bin/net_probe.py
>>> swiftsync/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/filler.py
bin/swift-filler.py
bin/sync-accounts.py
bin/syncit.py
>>> compass-core/other.txt: 7 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/client.py
bin/csvdeploy.py
bin/manage_db.py
bin/poll_switch.py
bin/progress_update.py
bin/query_switch.py
bin/runserver.py
>>> fuel-ostf-plugin/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bin/adapter_api.py
bin/adapter-api.py
bin/adapter_db.py
bin/adapter-db.py
>>> nova/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> openstack-qa/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> openstack-manuals/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> horizon/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> identity-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> neutron/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> config/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> object-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> netconn-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> openstack-chef/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> python-muranoclient/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
>>> tempest/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> melange/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> murano-docs/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
>>> murano-deployment/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
>>> python-novaclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> murano/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
>>> tuskar-ui/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> python-cinderclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> murano-conductor/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
>>> murano-agent/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
>>> devstack-gate/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> glance/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> keystone/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> trove/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> devstack/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> image-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> murano-dashboard/infra.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
tools/rfc.sh
>>> swift/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> compute-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> murano-tests/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
dashboard/tools/rfc.sh
tabula/tools/rfc.sh
>>> cinder/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/rfc.sh
>>> nova/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> python-mistralclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> gantt/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> ec2-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> sahara/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> heat-cfntools/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> manila/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> murano-repository/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata_service/tools/lintstack.sh
>>> cachemonkey/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> mistral/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> cinder/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> gce-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/lintstack.sh
>>> nova/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/enable-pre-commit-hook.sh
>>> gantt/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/enable-pre-commit-hook.sh
>>> ec2-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/enable-pre-commit-hook.sh
>>> manila/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/enable-pre-commit-hook.sh
>>> cinder/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/enable-pre-commit-hook.sh
>>> gce-api/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/enable-pre-commit-hook.sh
>>> config/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/run-compare-xml.sh
>>> jenkins-job-builder/infra.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/run-compare-xml-samples.sh
tools/run-compare-xml.sh
>>> openstack-manuals/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
doc/common/samples/local_settings.py
doc/src/docbkx/common/samples/local_settings.py
>>> fuel-devops/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
samples/cdrom.py
samples/node_ip_address_integration.py
samples/one.py
samples/run.py
>>> fuel-devops/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
samples/install_admin.py
>>> stackalytics/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> horizon/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> python-ironicclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> heat/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> python-mistralclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
horizon_dashboard/tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> oslo-incubator/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> tuskar/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> python-monascaclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> python-heatclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/requirements_style_check.sh
>>> solum/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> blazar/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> nova/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/conf/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> gnocchi/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> zaqar/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> heat/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/conf/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> tempest/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
tools/generate_sample.sh
>>> python-mistralclient/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> ec2-api/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> oslo-incubator/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> sahara/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> tuskar/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> murano/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> murano-conductor/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> ceilometer/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/conf/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> murano-agent/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
python-agent/tools/config/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> cloudkitty/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> rally/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> manila/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> ironic/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/conf/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> murano-repository/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata_service/tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> logaas/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> keystone/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> kite/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> fuel-web/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
fuel_agent/tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
fuel_agent/tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> mistral/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> ironic-python-agent/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> cinder/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/conf/check_uptodate.sh
tools/config/check_uptodate.sh
tools/conf/generate_sample.sh
tools/config/generate_sample.sh
>>> gearman-plugin/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
src/main/resources/hudson/plugins/gearman/GearmanPluginConfig/help-enablePlugin.html
src/main/resources/hudson/plugins/gearman/GearmanPluginConfig/help-host.html
src/main/resources/hudson/plugins/gearman/GearmanPluginConfig/help-launchWorker.html
src/main/resources/hudson/plugins/gearman/GearmanPluginConfig/help-port.html
>>> zmq-event-publisher/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
src/main/webapp/help-globalConfig.html
>>> gearman-plugin/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
src/main/webapp/help-globalConfig.html
src/main/webapp/help-launchWorker.html
src/main/webapp/help-serverHost.html
src/main/webapp/help-serverPort.html
>>> powervc-driver/other.txt: 12 bladfafhafadfa.txt
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/cmd/compute.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/common/exception.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/compute/computes.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/compute/constants.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/compute/manager.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/compute/task_states.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/virt/powervc/driver.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/virt/powervc/pvc_vm_states.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/virt/powervc/service.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/driver/virt/powervc/sync/flavorsync.py
nova-powervc/powervc/nova/extension/extended_powervm.py
nova-powervc/powervc/utils.py
>>> cookbook-openstack-image/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
files/default/glance_plugin.py
>>> cookbook-openstack-compute/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
files/default/add_floaters.py
files/default/nova_plugin.py
>>> cookbook-openstack-object-storage/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
files/default/cluster_stats.py
files/default/swift_stats.py
>>> cookbook-openstack-network/other.txt: 2 bladfafhafadfa.txt
files/default/neutron-ha-tool.py
files/default/quantum-ha-tool.py
>>> cookbook-openstack-identity/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
files/default/keystone_plugin.py
>>> cookbook-openstack-block-storage/other.txt: 4 bladfafhafadfa.txt
files/default/fileutils_new-b322585613c21067571442aaf9e4e6feb167832b.py
files/default/gettextutils_new-8e450aaa6ba1a2a88f6326c2e8d285d00fd28691.py
files/default/lockutils_new-6dda4af1dd50582a0271fd6c96044ae61af9df7e.py
files/default/netapp_new-42cdc4d947a73ae6a3dbbaab36634e425b57c18c.py
>>> python-barbicanclient/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/hacking.sh
>>> barbican/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/hacking.sh
>>> inception/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/pyflakes.sh
>>> inception/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/pep8.sh
>>> heat/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/integration.sh
>>> pbr/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/integration.sh
>>> heat-cfntools/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/integration.sh
>>> cookbook-openstack-database/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-orchestration/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> monasca-vagrant/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-monasca-thresh/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-image/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-monasca-persister/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-compute/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-integration-test/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-ops-messaging/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-monasca-schema/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-dashboard/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-object-storage/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-monasca-notification/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-ceph/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-monasca-agent/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-network/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-monasca-api/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-ops-database/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-identity/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-common/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-block-storage/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> cookbook-openstack-telemetry/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
metadata.rb
>>> freezer/other.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
freezer/main.py
>>> requirements/infra.txt: 1 bladfafhafadfa.txt
tools/update.sh
>>> cl-openstack-client/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
keystone.lisp
openstack.lisp
update-deps.lisp
>>> bindep/other.txt: 3 bladfafhafadfa.txt
bindep/depends.py
bindep/support_py26.py
bindep/main.py
